Chat has to answer this question: What is something that "everybody does at least once" that you've genuinely NEVER done?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the best way to make money as a student that most students don´t know about ?
Chat has to answer this question: What made you break inside?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the worst thing you've (or someone you've seen) do while drunk?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s a secret you were always to afraid to share/couldn’t share without heavy consequences?
Chat has to answer this question: (no guns, swords, etc) what's the best object you can use to rob a bank?
Chat has to answer this question: Teachers reading this, have you ever seen current/former students on the news! If so what did they do?
Chat has to answer this question: What did you miss out on life that you regret?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you feel conflicted about right now?
Chat has to answer this question: What are the key important rules and tips for the nerdy guy who can't start conversation with a girl?
Chat has to answer this question: 500 euro is added to your bank account for every person who insults you. How would you make people insult you?
Chat has to answer this question: 911 operators, what Is the funniest/dumbest call you have ever had?
Chat has to answer this question: A ‘Like’ or an ‘Upvote’ is a dopamine hit that’s easy to get addicted to. What’s the most desperate/craziest/dumbest thing you've ever done for a ‘Like’ on social media?
Chat has to answer this question: A giant alien pod lands on Earth, with a creature inside. It extends giant mechanical tentacles that suck up the CO2 from the air and plastic from the ocean to nourish the creature. You know it will wake by the time the air and sea are perfectly clean. How long do you let the pod do its thing?
Chat has to answer this question: A man walks up to you and says “Hello mister man!” And throws a grenade filled with nerve gas on the floor. How do you react?
Chat has to answer this question: A new decade starts in 3 months. Looking back, how has this last decade changed your life?
Chat has to answer this question: A survey suggested that more than 50% think that they work harder than their coworkers. Math says this is impossible so is it that people just overestimate their efforts or is it that the other 50% just really suck at what they do?
Chat has to answer this question: A toy in the late 90's early 2000's, was a wrestling figurine about 1 foot tall. When you twisted his limbs or his back/neck it would make cracking sounds like you're breaking his bones. Have tried finding it on the internet, don't know the name of the toy to find it?
Chat has to answer this question: A witch turns you into an inanimate object with full consciousness. What object would you want to be?
Chat has to answer this question: Accidentally knocked a hole in the wall and found a bunch of old razor blades, What is the weirdest thing you've found in your walls?
Chat has to answer this question: Adults if Reddit, what was that one moment you realised you were an adult and when did you realise it was time to grow up?
Chat has to answer this question: Adults reading this, what is the most painful position in sex?
Chat has to answer this question: Aliens have kidnapped you and they will let you show them one movie. If they like it, they will return you back to Earth. What movie will you show them?
Chat has to answer this question: All the World Government's ban and destroy every ounce of drugs, alcohol, and cigarettes. What is the new substance that everyone learns to abuse?
Chat has to answer this question: America is roasted for being obese, and for not following metric system. What's your country roasted for?
Chat has to answer this question: Americans reading this, what is your opinion on switching to the metric system?
Chat has to answer this question: Americans, how do you pay for Dr. visits?
Chat has to answer this question: Apple users reading this, why not Samsung? Samsung users, why not Apple?
Chat has to answer this question: As a child, how did you picture the Boogeyman?
Chat has to answer this question: As a noob, what is the best edition to start playing D&D with some buddies?
Chat has to answer this question: As an adult, what do you consider your “security blanket”?
Chat has to answer this question: At what age did you lose your virginity and looking back do you feel it was completely consenting?
Chat has to answer this question: At what age is it no longer socially acceptable to be drinking juice boxes?
Chat has to answer this question: At what age would you like to die?
Chat has to answer this question: Bakers reading this, what are some tips for baking a great cake?
Chat has to answer this question: Baristas reading this: how many people still drink plain black coffee? 1 in 10? 8 in 10?
Chat has to answer this question: Before you learnt where children came from, where did you think children came from?
Chat has to answer this question: Bilingual or Multilingual People, when going about everyday life, what language do you think in?
Chat has to answer this question: Body Builders reading this, what's an underrated advantage of working out?
Chat has to answer this question: boxers reading this, what is the most wacky experience you have had in the ring?
Chat has to answer this question: Bruce Lee’s said “I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.” What have you practiced 10,000 times that could make someone fear you?
Chat has to answer this question: Canadians reading this, what’s the worst thing about Canada?
Chat has to answer this question: Children of the 80's. How did karate class work out for you?
Chat has to answer this question: Cleaners reading this, what's the craziest/nastiest thing you have ever come across while cleaning?
Chat has to answer this question: Close your eyes and picture a white screen, what’s the first thing that pops in your mind after the screen?
Chat has to answer this question: College students reading this, what is most disgusting meal you've ever made and eaten when you had no money to buy anything?
Chat has to answer this question: College students reading this. What are some tips on staying organized and on top of work in college?
Chat has to answer this question: Comedians, what were your rudest hecklers?
Chat has to answer this question: Complainers: what do you want to complain about today?
Chat has to answer this question: Compulsive liars reading this, what's going through your head when you lie about some insignificant thing? Is there a pattern to your lies?
Chat has to answer this question: Could be anything from your life to an experience to something going on right now, what's your story?
Chat has to answer this question: Customer Service Workers reading this, what's the pettiest thing somebody has ever tried to return?
Chat has to answer this question: Daydreamers reading this, what's a particular imagination in your head that you wish is happening in your life instead of the one you're actually living now?
Chat has to answer this question: Dear Barbers reading this, where do you usually go to get your haircut?
Chat has to answer this question: Dear people reading this, what is your fantasy ?
Chat has to answer this question: Dear Humans, what's the one thing you did that everyone hated you for, but eventually turned that you were right?
Chat has to answer this question: dear Humans, what's your problem with emojis?
Chat has to answer this question: Death is inevitable after birth. What are some other inevitable things bound to happen?
Chat has to answer this question: Delivery drivers who deliver to remote areas, what is the creepiest shit you've seen?
Chat has to answer this question: Did you land the dream you always wanted, only to find out it's nothing like how you dreamed? Why did it fail to meet your expectations?
Chat has to answer this question: Did you make friends during your first job? If so, how was it?
Chat has to answer this question: Do people who are married/long term relationship still get crushes? If so, how do you deal with them?
Chat has to answer this question: Do you listen to anything when you go to bed? If so what do you listen to?
Chat has to answer this question: Do you speedrun your masturbation or are you casual? What's your reasoning?
Chat has to answer this question: Do you use water when wiping your ass? Why or why not?
Chat has to answer this question: Dog owners reading this, what's one command that your dog can't follow no matter what?
Chat has to answer this question: Drive thru workers reading this, what’s the craziest thing you've heard transmitted through the telecom when the customer didn't think you were listening?
Chat has to answer this question: Economists. If hyperinflation happens historically due to governments printing out to much money suddenly, why can't those governments just take that money out and reset it? And why do they keep doing it, what do the leaders stand to gain from hyperinflation?
Chat has to answer this question: Employers/Hiring managers/HR people reading this, what are some examples of hiring discrimination that you have gotten away with?
Chat has to answer this question: Even though we've been using pens our entire lives, some of us can't manage to use one without getting little marks all over our hands. What simple things do you consistently screw up?
Chat has to answer this question: Every country has an example name. For example, American has John Smith. What is your country’s John Smith?
Chat has to answer this question: Everyone has insanely bad luck for 24 hours. How do you survive?
Chat has to answer this question: Everyone loves unnecessary sequels. What's your unnecessary sequel idea?
Chat has to answer this question: Fat people reading this, What do you think about Obesity being genetic and running in your family?
Chat has to answer this question: Fathers reading this, how would you react if you found out your child or children weren't actually yours?
Chat has to answer this question: For 24 Hours everything you touch turns to stone.What would you touch?
Chat has to answer this question: For 24 hours, you literally shit gold. What food/restaurants do you eat to maximize your 24hr earning potential?
Chat has to answer this question: For 48 hours, the world freezes except for you but everything you touch goes back to normal. What do you do to take the most advantage from it?
Chat has to answer this question: For those of you that have called the number on a "How's My Driving? " bumper sticker, how was their driving that you felt the need to call?
Chat has to answer this question: For those of you who had been feeling down for a significant amount of time, what event changed your perspective of things? Was there a point in which you could say that your lives changed for good?
Chat has to answer this question: Former bullies reading this, why did you do it?
Chat has to answer this question: Former gang members, how did you get out and why?
Chat has to answer this question: Gamblers/Dealers/Pit Bosses: what's the most lucky or unlucky thing you've seen or experienced in the casino?
Chat has to answer this question: Gamers reading this, what is the best / funniest glitch you've found ingame?
Chat has to answer this question: Gamers reading this, what video game moment deserves a "Darwin Award"?
Chat has to answer this question: Gamers reading this, what was the most toxic/cancer/etc behaviour you have witnessed?
Chat has to answer this question: Gamers: you are given a computer with no programs except internet access (200 mb/sec), and 15 minutes to download whatever game(s)/emulator(s) you can. What do you download, and can you make it in the time given?
Chat has to answer this question: Gas station pump makers reading this, does the pumping operation really needs to come to a crawl 50 cents before the total amount deposited? Why?
Chat has to answer this question: Genetic editing and mutation by CRISPR technology in animals and humans is legal now. What kind of hybrid species would you create? What else do you think you would create by gene editing?
Chat has to answer this question: Gonewild girls reading this: How many random messages do you get a day and what's the funniest one you got today?
Chat has to answer this question: Grandparents reading this how was life in the 40s,50s?
Chat has to answer this question: Guitarists reading this, what is the one song that you keep playing over and over again? Why?
Chat has to answer this question: Gun, Sword or Shield? and why?
Chat has to answer this question: Guns are basically "throwing pointy things" at something... it does not seem like we have advanced much in the last 150 years... what's the next iteration of weapons? Is it advanced non-lethals? Is it "LayZurs" / Death Rays? / super tasers?
Chat has to answer this question: Guys reading this how do you chat with girls on Messenger?
Chat has to answer this question: Has anybody become infatuated with a waitress at Hooters, Twin Peaks, or other breastaurant? What’s your story?
Chat has to answer this question: Has anyone experienced an Objection at a wedding? How did it go down and what was the reason?
Chat has to answer this question: Have you ever accidentally gone on a date with someone you are related to, what happened?
Chat has to answer this question: Have you ever figured out that you were the toxic one in a relationship? How did you figure it out?
Chat has to answer this question: Have you ever found out someone you thought was dead had been alive this entire time? What happened?
Chat has to answer this question: Have you ever had someone tell you something important but you couldn't really hear them so you nodded and pretended you did. What was the outcome?
Chat has to answer this question: Have you ever really messed up at work before, and it was 100% your own fault? How did you deal with the guilt and yet the need to defend yourself from your superiors?
Chat has to answer this question: Have you ever said a word over and over until it becomes strange? What word(s) and what causes that feeling?
Chat has to answer this question: Hawaiians reading this what were your reactions/actions during the false missile alert in 2018? Do you live your life differently now?
Chat has to answer this question: Hey Reddit, how do you reduce, reuse, recycle everyday?
Chat has to answer this question: Hoarders reading this, what is your most prized possession?
Chat has to answer this question: How and at what age did you lose your innocence?
Chat has to answer this question: How are you really?
Chat has to answer this question: How can one have pride in their appearance?
Chat has to answer this question: How can you fake confidence?
Chat has to answer this question: How can you ruin a film title by changing/adding a single letter?
Chat has to answer this question: How did you choose your username?
Chat has to answer this question: How did you experience the early 2000's?
Chat has to answer this question: How did you manage to finally get over her/him?
Chat has to answer this question: How do music sheets look like to people that know nothing about music theory?
Chat has to answer this question: How do Non-Americans view the typically American accent?
Chat has to answer this question: How do you become a gangster?
Chat has to answer this question: How do you deal with people that you see everyday and dislikes you?
Chat has to answer this question: How do you deal with people who always try to praise themselves and lessen the importance of something you accomplished ?
Chat has to answer this question: How do you deal with Seasonal Depression?  
Chat has to answer this question: How do you enjoy your alone time?
Chat has to answer this question: How do you find purpose in life?  
Chat has to answer this question: How do you get a job in IT when you're already 28 and have an English degree, which you earned by taking out lots of student loans?
Chat has to answer this question: How do you get someone who's swearing at everybody level drunk to not drive?
Chat has to answer this question: How do you make your side income?
Chat has to answer this question: How do you start a conversation with a girl you like in your chemistry and calculus class?
Chat has to answer this question: How do you tell your parents you don't like a girl they keep matching you with?
Chat has to answer this question: How does one keep their integrity when the stakes are high and your opponents are playing dirty?
Chat has to answer this question: How far up your ass would you have to shove your head for it to come out of your mouth?
Chat has to answer this question: How has the internet ruined us?
Chat has to answer this question: How is the weather?
Chat has to answer this question: How long did your honeymoon phase last? How did things change after?
Chat has to answer this question: How long do you take to get ready each morning?
Chat has to answer this question: How many of you have done a 'play' from HIMYM and what were the results?
Chat has to answer this question: How much do looks matter in life?
Chat has to answer this question: How often do you look at your phone?
Chat has to answer this question: How pathetic were you ever while in a relationship?
Chat has to answer this question: How to battle with feeling always tired?
Chat has to answer this question: How to get over first long term relationship, 5+ years?
Chat has to answer this question: How would the world be today if everyone in the world spoke the same language from the beginning of time?
Chat has to answer this question: How would you explain reddit to someone??
Chat has to answer this question: How would you use the Holodeck if you got one in your house today?
Chat has to answer this question: How would your country change if everyone, regardless of age, could vote?
Chat has to answer this question: How’d you know your significant other was the one?
Chat has to answer this question: How’s your day? Need a reddit friend?
Chat has to answer this question: Human telemarketers are annoying. How do you annoy them back?
Chat has to answer this question: Hypochondriacs reading this, what is literally killing you right now?
Chat has to answer this question: If "You are what you eat" is literal, what are you made out of now?
Chat has to answer this question: If 1% of the population had telekinesis where would they work at?
Chat has to answer this question: If a hacker hacked into your computer and was threatening to release your browser history to your friends and family, how much would you pay them to avoid it?
Chat has to answer this question: If a presidential candidate of the United States of America breaks the law, are they then immune to investigations until their running ends, in your opinion? Why or why not?
Chat has to answer this question: If an alien asked you to take them to your leader, where would you take them?
Chat has to answer this question: If clickbait articles existed throughout history, what would some of the Titles be?
Chat has to answer this question: If companies would be forced to be dead honest with their advertisement, what would their new slogans be?
Chat has to answer this question: If everytime you got Rick-rolled, Rick Astley suddenly appeared in person instead of on video, how would you react?
Chat has to answer this question: If humans gained the ability to breathe underwater, where would you spend most of your time?
Chat has to answer this question: If internet existed in 1700, what would be some poppin' memes/meme formats?
Chat has to answer this question: If introverts run on rechargeable batteries and extroverts run on solar panels, what do Ambiverts run on ?
Chat has to answer this question: If Jesus could turn saltwater into wine, which body of water would he turn into wine?
Chat has to answer this question: If Pokémon were real, who would be your “Pikachu” that always ventures with you outside of its pokéball?
Chat has to answer this question: If Rick the scientist existed, what would be one thing you would want him to make for you?
Chat has to answer this question: If sitcoms ended by including the death of each character, how would one of your favorite ones die?
Chat has to answer this question: If social media existed in the 70s/80s/90s what would have been some kick ass viral sensations?
Chat has to answer this question: If somebody told you they were you from the future, what would you ask them to make sure they're telling the truth?
Chat has to answer this question: If someone of the opposite sex (or whatever gender you're attracted to) had the same body fat % and muscilarity as you, would you find that person attractive?
Chat has to answer this question: If someone went into a coma in 2009 and just woke up today, how would you describe the 2010s to that person?
Chat has to answer this question: If stds were named after candy which would be the worst?
Chat has to answer this question: If Summons were real, what would be your Summon of choice, and how would you use it?
Chat has to answer this question: If the bible was rewritten and modernized, what would be some excerpts?
Chat has to answer this question: If the company you work for had an honest slogan, what would it be?
Chat has to answer this question: If Trump is impeached, who would be on the 2020 ballot as the republican nominee, and how would that happen? Would they have to hold a rushed primary election?
Chat has to answer this question: If weed was sold out of an ice cream truck, what would be playing out loud as the theme?
Chat has to answer this question: If you added "Evil" in front of your job title, what have you become?
Chat has to answer this question: If you are certainly going to die in three hours, but you can do one thing that you like (no matter what it is), what would you do?
Chat has to answer this question: If you could choose, how and when do you die?
Chat has to answer this question: If you could eat any meal from any place in the world as your last meal what would it be?
Chat has to answer this question: If you could erase one person from your life, who would it be and why?
Chat has to answer this question: If you could go back 10 years and change 1 thing about your life, what would it be?
Chat has to answer this question: If you could have a biological upgrade, what would it be?
Chat has to answer this question: If you could make something have never existed, what would it be and why?
Chat has to answer this question: If you could rewind time by up to 15 Seconds from the present as many times as you like, as often as you like, how would you abuse this power?
Chat has to answer this question: If you could speak five languages, what would it be?
Chat has to answer this question: If you could swap a character in fiction, who do you think would do even better than the original in that story?
Chat has to answer this question: If you died and went to heaven, what would your heaven look like/have in it?
Chat has to answer this question: If you had a million dollars, what would you spend it on?
Chat has to answer this question: If you had an inventory like a video game, what would you carry?
Chat has to answer this question: If you had complete freedom, what would you do with it?
Chat has to answer this question: If you had the ability to stop time whenever you wanted what would you do?
Chat has to answer this question: If you had the opportunity to join a special forces group which one would you join and why?
Chat has to answer this question: If you had Thor's ability of retrieving Mjolnir at any time with a raise of the hand but instead of Mjolnir it would be an object of your own choosing, what would that object be?
Chat has to answer this question: If you had to spend 30 million in 30 days without keeping any assets how would you do it?
Chat has to answer this question: If you just won an island today, what would you name it!?
Chat has to answer this question: If you lived in a fantasy world, what race and occupation would you be?
Chat has to answer this question: If you made a diss track, who would you diss?
Chat has to answer this question: If you opened a shop that sells an oddly specific item(s), what would be the name of your shop be?
Chat has to answer this question: If you still listen to the radio, why?
Chat has to answer this question: If you suddenly wake up in the year 1800, what modern thing could you invent from memory?
Chat has to answer this question: If you were a number one modern singer of today and got the task to create the most absurd music video, how would you top the cringe videos, which ones would be the hardest to beat?
Chat has to answer this question: If you were allowed to take one item from a fictional universe, what item would you take?
Chat has to answer this question: If you were an NPC in a videogame what items would you drop when killed?
Chat has to answer this question: If you were given one punch free of consequences, who would you punch?
Chat has to answer this question: If you were known as the worst in the world at one specific thing what would it be?
Chat has to answer this question: If you were put in a horror movie/game scenario, which movie/game would you choose to be in?
Chat has to answer this question: If you were sent back in time to 1919, what would you miss most, other than loved ones?
Chat has to answer this question: If you were slain - what loot would you drop?
Chat has to answer this question: If you were suddenly teleported to the past, which invention could you create faster because of your knowledge?
Chat has to answer this question: If you were to meet yourself from a parallel universe, how would you react?
Chat has to answer this question: If your current existence was a video game, what complaints would you have with the gameplay?
Chat has to answer this question: In some games you can decide to be either good or evil with unique benefits for both. What are some cases where being evil is more profitable than being good?
Chat has to answer this question: In terms of collective human misery and suffering, what one year throughout all of recorded human history do you think is the single worst year humanity has ever lived through?
Chat has to answer this question: In the past people were buried with the items they would need in the afterlife, what would you want buried with you so you could use it in the afterlife?
Chat has to answer this question: In the year of 1910, a struggling artist, Adolf Hitler keeps fending off attacks from time travellers. You have been sent to ensure he becomes famous as an artist only. What is your plan?
Chat has to answer this question: In which cases 'winning' isn't something to be proud of?
Chat has to answer this question: In your opinion, how old is to old to Trick or Treat?
Chat has to answer this question: In your opinion, what is the most made up medical diagnosis?
Chat has to answer this question: It’s the zombie apocalypse. You can loot one store without any interruptions. Which one do you choose?
Chat has to answer this question: Jesus Christ is running for president in 2020. What are some of the highlights of his campaign?
Chat has to answer this question: Kids, as we know, are fucking stupid. What is that thing YOU said or did as a young child that proves this?
Chat has to answer this question: Lawyers reading this. What is one thing that people get in trouble for in court that you could easily get them out of if they called you?
Chat has to answer this question: Lawyers reading this, what the most saddest, dumbest or funniest case you've ever seen? Have there been any funny moments?
Chat has to answer this question: Let’s say you have kids. What would they inherit from you if you dropped dead today?
Chat has to answer this question: Life is a video game. What complaints do you have for the developer?
Chat has to answer this question: Like Hitler ruined the name Adolf and Where’s Waldo ruined the name Waldo, what are some other names that have been ruined by real or fictional people?
Chat has to answer this question: Locals, what dark secrets are in your small town?
Chat has to answer this question: Longtime estranged fathers reading this, how does it feel knowing that you have a child out there somewhere? How often do you think about them?
Chat has to answer this question: Looking for new music, what is your favorite band that no one has ever heard of?
Chat has to answer this question: Maids reading this, what is the strangest thing you found while cleaning someone's stuff that you kept your mouth shut about?
Chat has to answer this question: Married folks reading this: What rookie mistake did you make in your first year of matrimony?
Chat has to answer this question: Married people, why do married couples stop having sex?
Chat has to answer this question: Mcdonalds/Former Mcdonald's Employees, is the icecream machine actually out of order? If not then why are you lying?
Chat has to answer this question: Medical professionals reading this, what's your story of a patient you didn't want to leave, but you had to let them go without help?
Chat has to answer this question: Men reading this what was the worst time you ever got an erection?
Chat has to answer this question: Men reading this, do you feel like there is more pressure for you to satisfy your partner during sex vs simply enjoying the act? Why or why not?
Chat has to answer this question: Men who haven't cheated in their marriage, how do you do it?
Chat has to answer this question: Men/women reading this, what’s the best way to reject someone without being an asshole?
Chat has to answer this question: middle school Football coaches what's the biggest body change you have seen from conditioning?
Chat has to answer this question: military personnel reading this, what is the funniest thing you remember happening during basic training?
Chat has to answer this question: Mr. Blue Sky by Electric Light Orchestra is said to be the single most cheerfully happy song ever created. What are some other contenders for the title of Happiest song ever?
Chat has to answer this question: Music lovers reading this, what songs remind you that you are alive?
Chat has to answer this question: Nerds reading this, which book, game, anime or anything of the sort do you think has the best world-building? Why ?
Chat has to answer this question: Nobody is running for the 2020 presidential election, what would your reaction be?
Chat has to answer this question: Non U.S citizen Humans what's one th8ng that the U.S does that would be unimaginable where you live?
Chat has to answer this question: Non-cashiers reading this: What's the "It didn't scan, so it must be free hur hur hur" of your profession?
Chat has to answer this question: Non-native English-speakers, what common phrases (i.e. “apples-to-oranges comparison”) do you find really strange?
Chat has to answer this question: Nurses reading this, what’s something a patient can do for you to show how much they appreciate you?
Chat has to answer this question: On behalf of your country, what would you like to apologise to the world for?
Chat has to answer this question: On which subreddit is it most difficult for your post to become popular?
Chat has to answer this question: Once you die, you go back in time to when you're a baby and restart your life, but you retain all of the knowledge you gained throughout your life. What will you do this time?
Chat has to answer this question: Out of 10, how attractive would you rate yourself? What do you think is your best feature?
Chat has to answer this question: Outside of sexual, what silly games do you play with your partner to keep the spark?
Chat has to answer this question: Parents reading this, according to your friends and family (but not you), what positive change did you gain (or negative trait did you lose) in your personality when you had your first kid?
Chat has to answer this question: Parents reading this, if you could only make one piece of knowledge stick in your kid’s brain, what would it be?
Chat has to answer this question: Parents reading this, When you were browsing through your child's phone and you checked their search history, what was the weirdest thing you found and how did you confront them about it if you did?
Chat has to answer this question: Parents who didn't want kids but had them to appease their partners, how do you feel about your decision now?
Chat has to answer this question: Parents who forgot their kid on a family vacation, what happened?
Chat has to answer this question: Parents who seriously don't like their kid, why not?
Chat has to answer this question: Parents with estranged children, what do you say whenever someone asks about your kids?
Chat has to answer this question: Parents/teachers reading this, what lie did you sit back and watch a kid dig themselves into?
Chat has to answer this question: Parking enforcers reading this, how do you tell who’s paid for parking or not at those pay by plate lots? When do you check the lots?
Chat has to answer this question: People born on February 29, do you actually celebrate your birthday every 4 years? What was the last birthday like?
Chat has to answer this question: People in upstairs apartments, where are you going, and why are you wearing boots?
Chat has to answer this question: People reading this how did you deal with ur worst teacher and what has come of him/her?
Chat has to answer this question: People reading this with a terminal illness, what advice would you give to others about enjoying life?
Chat has to answer this question: People reading this, do you get panic attacks or anxiety attacks, if so, what are yours like?
Chat has to answer this question: People reading this, How did you or somebody you know get away with cheating in school?
Chat has to answer this question: People reading this, how do you notice that someone has a crush on you?
Chat has to answer this question: People reading this, if you could go back to one certain moment in your life, what would it be?
Chat has to answer this question: People reading this, what do you choose: truth or dare?
Chat has to answer this question: People reading this, what habit do you have that you wish to stop doing it?
Chat has to answer this question: People reading this, what is the longest most arduous task you have ever completed ?
Chat has to answer this question: People reading this, what is the worst and most realistic hallucination/sleep paralysis you have had?
Chat has to answer this question: People reading this, what was the “Legendary” thing that happened at school? NSFW
Chat has to answer this question: People reading this, what was the scariest experience you have ever had?
Chat has to answer this question: People reading this, what's the weirdest thing you've seen an old person do?
Chat has to answer this question: People often say the phrase "It is what it is", especially when the consequence of an action is negative. When is this phrase not true?
Chat has to answer this question: People that were able to complete the story in a dream in a single night, what was the dream about?
Chat has to answer this question: People who are typically insecure about their body, what is a feature you LIKE and why?
Chat has to answer this question: People who asked out their crush, how did it go?
Chat has to answer this question: People who changed their name for any reason, why?
Chat has to answer this question: People who cram the day before an exam and score a high grade, how and what's your secret?
Chat has to answer this question: People who decided it was time to "get their shit together", what did you do and how did it go?
Chat has to answer this question: People who experienced near-death, how is it like? Do you see light?
Chat has to answer this question: People who grew up before the 2000's, what do you miss the most from back then?
Chat has to answer this question: People who had a gun pointed at them, what thoughts crossed your mind at that moment?
Chat has to answer this question: People who have been through natural disasters, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, wildfires, etc. what did you do to prepare and where did you go?  
Chat has to answer this question: People who have completely lost faith in humanity, how would you plan to exterminate the human race?
Chat has to answer this question: People who have gone to couples therapy, how was your experience? Did it work out or was it like the final straw in your relationship?
Chat has to answer this question: People who have had amnesia what was it like and did you ever get your memories back?
Chat has to answer this question: People who have had their parents as teachers in school, what was that like?
Chat has to answer this question: People who have made false shooting, bomb, etc threats to get out of something: what led you to make that decision? What were the consequences?
Chat has to answer this question: People who have the confidence to wear cute/dressy clothes for no reason other than you want to, how do you do it?
Chat has to answer this question: People who have waited until marriage for sex. How was the first time?
Chat has to answer this question: People who have yelled at employees in customer service what was you're reasoning?
Chat has to answer this question: People who lived their childhood before the 2000's, What are things that were "The shit" back then that kids don't know about nowadays?
Chat has to answer this question: People who personally know a celebrity, who is it and how come you know them?
Chat has to answer this question: People who sit the fresh toilet paper roll on top of the empty cardboard roll, what’s it like to be such a savage?
Chat has to answer this question: People who took a paycut to leave a job that made them unhappy, how did it turn out?
Chat has to answer this question: People who use “how are you doing?” as a quick greeting - do you really want to know? Have you ever received any response other than “good, and you?”
Chat has to answer this question: People who watch security cameras for a living, what is the weirdest thing you've seen?
Chat has to answer this question: People who were really bad at remembering names, how did you improve? Any good tips you can share?
Chat has to answer this question: People who were the insane ex. What was your side of the story?
Chat has to answer this question: People who work in chucky cheese what conspiracies are true?
Chat has to answer this question: People who've been deaf since birth, do you have the "voice in your head" that most hearing people have?
Chat has to answer this question: People who've lost loved ones/friends to cancer. How do you deal with it?
Chat has to answer this question: People whose life was saved by an animal, what happened?
Chat has to answer this question: People with sedans, why do you prefer them over wagons?
Chat has to answer this question: People with synesthesia, what questions do people ask you the most? What's the most weird experience you've had because of it?
Chat has to answer this question: People with weird fetishes, how is your sex life and how do your partners react to your fetishes?
Chat has to answer this question: Performers reading this, what will your life look like when you consider yourself to have "made it" in your field?
Chat has to answer this question: Pet owners, what made you decide on whether to get a cat, dog, bird, turtle, etc?
Chat has to answer this question: Physically fit people reading this, which part of your body are you insecure about? Why?
Chat has to answer this question: Picture yourself in a beautiful green field at sunset, something is coming toward you, what is it?
Chat has to answer this question: Police reading this, what has been the stupidest/funniest “emergency” you have been called out to?
Chat has to answer this question: Police officers reading this what stupid thing did the suspect say to you or one of you colleagues?
Chat has to answer this question: Police officers reading this: Has there been a situation where you had to step up as a cop while off-duty? What happened?
Chat has to answer this question: Polyglots reading this, how much variation is there on your browsing when you switch what language you search in? Is it all the same from different language sources or are there any interesting differences?
Chat has to answer this question: Pornstars reading this, what are some things about which normal viewers have no clue about?
Chat has to answer this question: Presuming you accept climate change and vaccine safety, what scientifically supported fact do you doubt is true and are you public about it?
Chat has to answer this question: Prison Guards reading this,Have you ever thought of a prisoner to be innocent and if yes how much did their personality change after years in prison?
Chat has to answer this question: Psychopaths reading this, what are your religious beliefs?
Chat has to answer this question: Public school students reading this what what dress code violation got you in trouble, and who had more dress code violations girls or guys?
Chat has to answer this question: What are you definitely above average at?
Chat has to answer this question: What investment did your friend tell you was a sure thing and you lost so much on it?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your all time favorite conspiracy theory?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your biggest “damn I should have gone to that” moment?
Chat has to answer this question: What was your grass wasn't greener on the other side moment?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans that learned you unknowingly owned something highly valuable: how did you find out and what was the item?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans attracted to men: what did an at-first-sight-unattractive guy do to make you attracted to them?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans that wake up and actually look forward to going work, what do you do and why do you enjoy it so much?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans who are out in public right now, look to your right. What do you see?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans who cut contact with nearly all your family members, what was your breaking point?  
Chat has to answer this question: Humans who got a "mildly absurd" inspiration at the right time they needed,how did it happen?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans who have 'missed' time (e.g; you're doing something at 4:28, the next moment it's 8:00, and you have no recollection of anything that happened in between), what's your story?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans who have been featured in a r/trashy, r/entitled bitch or any otherwise unflattering post, how did it affect you?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans who have family convicted of violent or hideous crimes, how did you react to finding out, and how is your relationship now?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans who have looked up which famous people have the same birthday as you, who is the absolute worst person you share a birthday with?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans who make a living working from home: what's it like?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans who waited till marriage to have sex: what was your wedding night like?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans who work or have worked in a museum, what artifact have you been tempted to steal?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans who've gone to live concerts and spent the whole time recording the show with your phones - why? What did you do with that footage?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans, what is love?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans, What song have have you been listening to this week? Do you have a favorite song of all time?
Chat has to answer this question: Humans, what songs do you cry to?
Chat has to answer this question: Restaurant workers reading this, what's it like being on the other side of the "Enjoy your meal - you to" awkward situation?
Chat has to answer this question: Sales associates reading this What is the most successfully sold, but outright bad product you have witnessed?
Chat has to answer this question: Satan is running for president in 2020. What are some of the highlights of his campaign?
Chat has to answer this question: Satan is running for president in 2020. What are some of the highlights of his campaign?
Chat has to answer this question: School Bus Drivers reading this, what is the craziest thing that’s been said or been done on your bus?
Chat has to answer this question: Scientists reading this, What is a "Top Ten Questions Science Still Can't Answer" worthy question?
Chat has to answer this question: Security guards at concerts, what are some interesting behavioural observations you have noticed about crowds?
Chat has to answer this question: Sick people reading this, how do YOU get over a cold quickly?
Chat has to answer this question: Single Dads and Moms reading this, what is the most hurtful thing said by other people/families?
Chat has to answer this question: So when will we be able to start getting college credits for all of the how-to videos we watch on YouTube?
Chat has to answer this question: Social workers reading this who work with kids, what's the most disturbing behaviour you have witnessed a child do?
Chat has to answer this question: soldiers/former-soldiers reading this, what would you recommend to a new Private? and what can a Private do in order to show seriousness and to be the officer's favorite?
Chat has to answer this question: Some people say that your birthmark is where you died in a past life, what if it is how you will die? How do you die?
Chat has to answer this question: Someone comments on your post: “I know who you are in real life.” What do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: Someone wants to chop your big toe off, how much would you charge?
Chat has to answer this question: Songwriters reading this, do you write lyrics first, or write the instrumentals first? Are they interchangeable, and if so, how does it affect the process? Is one easier or harder?
Chat has to answer this question: Squirrels have declared war on mankind, what's your survival strategy?
Chat has to answer this question: Stock Marketers reading this - what’s the biggest one-day swing you've seen for yourself/a client? What were the juicy details/how did it play out?
Chat has to answer this question: Stop. What are you subconsciously thinking of right now?
Chat has to answer this question: Tattoo artists reading this, what’s a piece you have done that shocked you someone permanently wanted that on their body?
Chat has to answer this question: Teachers reading this, what was a time when you felt seriously worried/threatened about how a student was acting in your class?
Chat has to answer this question: The devil contacts you and says he has a special place in hell for a certain group of people, and you get to pick the group. Whom do you choose?
Chat has to answer this question: The last noun you spoke out loud & still remember becomes your weapon. How mighty are you?
Chat has to answer this question: The new Mario Kart mobile game is out, and it got 10 million downloads in one day. What are your thoughts on the game?
Chat has to answer this question: The next major Avengers villain can come from any IP. Who do you nominate?
Chat has to answer this question: The Prime Minister of America, the Pope of China, President of Japan, and the Crown Princess of Germany are gonna visit you in 2 hours. What are you gonna do?
Chat has to answer this question: The saying "if I had a dollar for...." (Bodily functions excluded) Is now a real life situation, but you can only use it once. Reddit, what would make you the most money if you had a dollar every time it happened?
Chat has to answer this question: The swastika was present in many cultures before being tainted with nazism. What other symbols have been ruined like this?
Chat has to answer this question: The words 'Low Battery' appear right before your eyes, you take off your VR headset and realized your whole life was just a VR simulation which you've been playing for only a few minutes. How do you react?
Chat has to answer this question: The world suddenly forgets you exist. No one remembers you and everything that had your name on it shows a blank, so you can't access any of your accounts etc. You still keep everything you owned before. What do you do next?
Chat has to answer this question: There are more than 7 billion people on this earth. What do you think not a single one of them is doing right now?
Chat has to answer this question: There is a helmet that converts your imagination into a film - anything you think is instantly, clearly produced for others to watch on-screen. How bizarre will your movie be?
Chat has to answer this question: Those ridiculous situations in product commercials will now happen to you in reality but only once. What product would it be?
Chat has to answer this question: Those who have voices in their head. Do you actually hear the voices, thoughts that you can't control or something else? How do you distinguish between the voices?
Chat has to answer this question: Those who've legally changed their first name, how hard was it and how did family/friends handle it?
Chat has to answer this question: TSA agents, museum employees, anyone dealing with security, what is the most interesting thing you've found?
Chat has to answer this question: Twins reading this; have you ever pretended to be your sibling or vice versa? Why?
Chat has to answer this question: Unsuccessful liars reading this, what blows your cover every time?
Chat has to answer this question: Users reading this what is the worst way to die?
Chat has to answer this question: Vegans/vegetarians, how do you feel about bugs? Do you eliminate them?
Chat has to answer this question: Video gamers, what's something that makes you automatically turn away from purchasing a game?
Chat has to answer this question: Video/Footage is available for any ONE historical event of your choosing, what event do you choose and why?
Chat has to answer this question: Villains reading this, how is your world domination plan doing?
Chat has to answer this question: War breaks out and you're drafted into it, what do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: Was there a moment where you thought "holy hell, my partner is just like my mom/dad"? What was it?
Chat has to answer this question: We have theories about parallel universes, but what would a perpendicular universe look like?
Chat has to answer this question: We've just 3 months left for this decade. What is the most important thing happened to you in this decade so far?
Chat has to answer this question: Weed smokers reading this, how’d you quit?
Chat has to answer this question: Weird Al ran out of ideas and asked for your help. What do you come up with?
Chat has to answer this question: What “old person” things do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: What “phase” are you currently going through?
Chat has to answer this question: What 1 or 2 lines of writing (song lyrics/poetry/piece of an essay or novel or whatever) do you find find profound?
Chat has to answer this question: What activity or event would you want to definitely be part of your Groundhog Day?
Chat has to answer this question: What actually happens once a US president has been impeached and removed from office?
Chat has to answer this question: What advice would you give to someone moving out for the first time?
Chat has to answer this question: What aged badly with time?
Chat has to answer this question: What animal would be cutest if scaled down to the size of a cat?
Chat has to answer this question: What animal would be terrifying if scaled up to giant sized?
Chat has to answer this question: What are 3 things that are more overrated than Philly cheesesteaks?
Chat has to answer this question: What are good paying jobs you can get if your degree is useless?
Chat has to answer this question: What are instances of bosses, parents or else acting like total asshats, while thinking they are doing you a favor?
Chat has to answer this question: What are polite ways to tell someone to fuck off?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some 7-day challenges that have significant benefit?  
Chat has to answer this question: What are some facts that sounds useless but can actually save lives?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some foods that people would normally consider as healthy but are actually not?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some FREE things on the internet we should know about?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some fun games on mobile?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some good part time jobs for people who don't have any experience and suffer from social anxiety?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some good tips to help a friend dealing with depression or anxiety issues?  
Chat has to answer this question: What are some good Youtube channels/series for binge watching? Anything along the lines of "The Great War" channel or CinemaSins?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some great alternatives to the most popular subreddits?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some grocery items that you're convinced people would only buy by mistake?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some interesting debate topics?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some interesting things you've learned from thoroughly reading the instructions?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some markers of social class?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some moments where you came up with the perfect comeback a little to late?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some movies that you've seen before but don't remember?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some obvious lies you have heard from children?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some of the best albums by well known musicians you have listened to?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some of the best ways to start a conversation with a girl?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some of the most controversial things you have overheard people say in public?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some rare diseases that you wouldn't even think were real?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some red flags to watch out for in daily life?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some rocking songs about feeling like a machine or being a robot?  
Chat has to answer this question: What are some songs that sampled or are covers that aren't as good as the less well known original?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some stupid things you believed about sexual things before sex Ed?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some subtle signs that let you know the driver around you is a bad driver?
Chat has to answer this question: What are some underrated songs (or artists), that not many people know about, but definitely would deserve more recognition?
Chat has to answer this question: What are the most annoying “common“ movie scenes?
Chat has to answer this question: What are the worst excuses people make to disguise themselves from actually being an assholes?
Chat has to answer this question: What are things that go unnoticed that affect you?
Chat has to answer this question: What are you better at with your non-dominant hand?
Chat has to answer this question: What are you bitter about?
Chat has to answer this question: What are you currently worried about?
Chat has to answer this question: What are you going to be for Halloween?
Chat has to answer this question: What are you the 1% of ?
Chat has to answer this question: What are your best tips for someone going for an interview?
Chat has to answer this question: What are your least favorite horror cliches?
Chat has to answer this question: What are your questions that you've always wanted to ask someone but could never go up to them and ask?
Chat has to answer this question: What are your thoughts on the fact that you can hear your mind but at the same time not?
Chat has to answer this question: What are your useless talents?
Chat has to answer this question: What belief was shoved down your throat as a child for you later not to believe in it?
Chat has to answer this question: What body part causes you the most minor inconveniences?
Chat has to answer this question: What book should everybody read?
Chat has to answer this question: What book was your ultimate read?
Chat has to answer this question: What can you say in school that will ruin your whole reputation in a matter of minutes?
Chat has to answer this question: What career path just isn't worth it?
Chat has to answer this question: What cartoon character freaks you out the most?
Chat has to answer this question: What changes, big or small, need to be made in your office?
Chat has to answer this question: What charities are legitimate and most worthy of donating to?
Chat has to answer this question: What classic movie re-made by Tommy Wiseau + the cast of The Room would be the funniest?
Chat has to answer this question: What company has terrible business practices that more people should be aware of?
Chat has to answer this question: What country do you think is underrated/under-appreciated and why?
Chat has to answer this question: What did someone say or do that left you speechless?
Chat has to answer this question: What did you do today?
Chat has to answer this question: What did you notice on a TV show that the creators didn't intend for people to notice?
Chat has to answer this question: What did you see today that made you smile?
Chat has to answer this question: What did you start doing as a joke, only to find yourself doing it unironically?
Chat has to answer this question: What did you think you were bad at until you saw someone that really sucks at it?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you daydream about?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you do to get your mind off of "life" for a little while?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you eat first? The burger or the fries? And why?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you hate the most about your real name?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you love about yourself?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you think about a world with only self-driving cars?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you think god would ask us if he were one of the Humans?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you think happens when you die?  
Chat has to answer this question: What do you think is overrated and why?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you think of Edward Snowden? Was he right, wrong, or somewhere in between?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you think will happen to all the Instagram famous models once they get old and their looks fade?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you think you are much better at than you actually are?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you usually do when someone invades your personal space ?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you usually talk to yourself about?
Chat has to answer this question: What do you wish you knew when you were younger?
Chat has to answer this question: What double standard annoys you?
Chat has to answer this question: What era do you think would be the most peaceful to live in?
Chat has to answer this question: What event will be the tipping point of societal collapse?
Chat has to answer this question: What exactly does it feel like to take drugs (cocaine, ecstasy, etc)? What does it feel like initially/ when it comes down? Are people paranoid and why does it get addictive?
Chat has to answer this question: What exactly does labor feel like ladies?
Chat has to answer this question: What fact would you choose to unlearn if it was possible?
Chat has to answer this question: What fear do you need to overcome?
Chat has to answer this question: What fictional universe do you want to live in?
Chat has to answer this question: What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
Chat has to answer this question: What food never seems to fill you up no matter how much you eat?
Chat has to answer this question: What food that's considered childish or low-quality (i.e. Easy Cheese, McNuggets) do you genuinely love?
Chat has to answer this question: What foods cannot be improved with Salt and/or Pepper?
Chat has to answer this question: What good advice do you have for everyone today?
Chat has to answer this question: What halloween costume should they never ever make a "sexy" version of?
Chat has to answer this question: What happening in your life right now do you think will be Nostalgic for you some day?
Chat has to answer this question: What has aged well?
Chat has to answer this question: What has The Simpsons NOT gotten correct?
Chat has to answer this question: What healthy food is surprisingly tasty?
Chat has to answer this question: What hill are you willing to die on?
Chat has to answer this question: What horror antagonist do you think you could fight in real life?
Chat has to answer this question: What inanimate object would be the most annoying if it played loud upbeat music while being used?
Chat has to answer this question: What invention doesn't get a lot of love, but has greatly improved the world?
Chat has to answer this question: What invention doesn't get a lot of love, but has greatly improved the world?
Chat has to answer this question: What is “one little thing” everyone should do that would have a huge impact?
Chat has to answer this question: What is a clothing trend that you just can't understand?
Chat has to answer this question: What is a fact you know, but are to embarassed to say the way you found out about it?
Chat has to answer this question: What is a free website or an app that more people should know about?
Chat has to answer this question: What is a good way to get quick motivation?
Chat has to answer this question: What is a lie that saved you from nearly losing your life?
Chat has to answer this question: What is a mild convenience you'd like to share?
Chat has to answer this question: What is a name you can't stand?
Chat has to answer this question: What is a sex toy you found in your parent's room?
Chat has to answer this question: What is a sincere act you have never expected from a person you know?
Chat has to answer this question: What is a stupid fear you have?
Chat has to answer this question: What is an act of kindness you won't forget?
Chat has to answer this question: What is an adult version of "My mom says we can't be friends anymore" that you have encountered in your life?
Chat has to answer this question: What is an insult that someone in your country or region would only understand, and why?
Chat has to answer this question: What is making or ruining your quality of life right now?
Chat has to answer this question: What is one thing your sibling does that only slightly annoys you?
Chat has to answer this question: What is some DLC we buy in real life, and what does it give us?
Chat has to answer this question: What is something free that more people should be aware of ?
Chat has to answer this question: What is something people think it makes them smarter but actually it doesn't?
Chat has to answer this question: What is something someone did at your school that made almost everyone hate them?
Chat has to answer this question: What is something that happened to you felt like end of the world and life changing and turned out not to be that bad?
Chat has to answer this question: what is something that is technically illegal but is often overlooked?
Chat has to answer this question: What is something that makes you weird growing up, but interesting as an adult?
Chat has to answer this question: What is something that never fail to cheers you up when you are feeling blue ?
Chat has to answer this question: What is something that's easy as a kid bid hard an an adult?
Chat has to answer this question: What is something the average person should know but doesn't?
Chat has to answer this question: What is something you consider yourself an expert in?
Chat has to answer this question: What is something you did that fucked up your entire family's relationship?
Chat has to answer this question: What is something you failed at?
Chat has to answer this question: What is something you hate but chosen to put up with instead of getting rid of?
Chat has to answer this question: What is something you realize now, that you didn't before in terms of movies and tv shows?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the best advice you can give to a person who just became a teacher?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the best beer?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the Best Biography That You Have Ever Read?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the best comeback you've ever heard?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the best compliment you've ever gotten?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the best instant karma you've ever seen?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the best product to buy under 10 dollars?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the best response to "you're weird"?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the best thing that you inherited from your grandparents ?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the best way of fighting temptations in your life?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the Best way to improve Life?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the best way to purge your work computer (browsing, personal files/downloads, reddit browsing history, etc) prior to giving your notice to leave a job?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the best way to start a conversation?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the correct face positioning for eating a taco?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the craziest high-risk high-reward situation that you've been in, and how did it turn out?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the cringiest haircut experience you've been a part of?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the dumbest thing a past boyfriend/girlfriend ever said to you?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the dumbest thing you have ever heard a professor/teacher say that really made you question their intelligence and education?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the fanciest thing you ever had or still have?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the funniest thing you got away with?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the funniest/strangest/weirdest/scariest thing you have overheard in a conversation?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the greatest band to have ever lived?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the grossest thing your pet has done?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the human equivalent of computer lag?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the most annoying thing about your partner?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the most annoying thing that has happened to you?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the most dystopian thing happening in our world right now?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the most extreme opinion of yours that you think you can type here without opening up the gates of hell?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the most passive-aggressive death threat you can think of?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the most patriotic thing you can do in your country?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the most sitcom-like thing that's ever happened to you?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the most statistically rare thing to ever happen to you ?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the most underrated skill that you have but people don't even consider a skill?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the one embarrassing moment that you will remember for the rest of your life?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the plot of your favorite movie as told by Dr. Seuss?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the proper etiquette when speaking to someone with a prosthetic or "lazy" eye?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the scariest situation you can think of right now?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the scariest, weirdest, oddest story that begins with a knock on your door after dark?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the sexiest sounding word you can think of that means something gross?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the smoothest insult you've heard in a specific situation?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the song that everyone should hear at least once in their lifetime?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the story after the biggest regret you ever had?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the weirdest dream you have ever had?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the weirdest law you have heard of?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the weirdest thing you've ever done?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the worst concert you've ever been to?
Chat has to answer this question: What is the worst/weirdest sub you have seen someone create at Subway?
Chat has to answer this question: What is very unhygienic that people may not realize?
Chat has to answer this question: What is you imagine about your grand great ... great parents did in childhood?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your "if you disagree, you're wrong" opinion, and why?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your all time favorite movie ending?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your best "I can't believe they just said that" story?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your best "Well that backfired." story?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your best memory of playing Minecraft?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your best pick up line?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your best wonderful body hack you have discovered?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your city best known for?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your favorite bite of a sandwich? For instance: first bite of the second half of a sub, or last bite of just bun. What part of a sandwich 'does it' for you?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your favorite episode of a TV show ever?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your favorite pair of songs whose title is identical but music is totally different?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your favorite subreddit and why?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your favorite thing about yourself? What is your least favorite?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your favorite way to deal with tailgaters while on the road?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your favorite way to mess with coworkers that wouldn't end with a call from HR?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your favourite food combo?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your favourite loophole that helps you out in everyday life?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your funniest NSFW story?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your most prized possession and why?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your opinion on female gamers? do you they think they get treated unfairly? have you witnessed any female gamers being treated unfairly and if so did you do anything? if so what? if you did witness a female gamer being treated unfairly what would you do (sorry for the long question)?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your personal version of "never get involved in a land war in Asia"?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your secret ingredient in your lasagne recipe?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your strange obsession/addiction at the moment?
Chat has to answer this question: What is your worst trait?
Chat has to answer this question: What job role is massively underpaid for the time and work that goes into it?
Chat has to answer this question: What keeps you awake at night?
Chat has to answer this question: What kind of clothing attire do you prefer the opposite sex to wear?
Chat has to answer this question: What kind of weather are you having today?
Chat has to answer this question: What kindness was given to you by a stranger that you will always remember?
Chat has to answer this question: What lessons have stuck with you thus far through your life?
Chat has to answer this question: What lie do you knowingly tell yourself so you can be happier with your life?
Chat has to answer this question: What little things drive you absolutely crazy?
Chat has to answer this question: What made you change your political opinions?
Chat has to answer this question: What made you laugh the hardest?
Chat has to answer this question: What made you realize that life isn't all about you?
Chat has to answer this question: What made you stop following your dreams?
Chat has to answer this question: What makes you care about your own life?
Chat has to answer this question: What makes you laugh that probably shouldn't?
Chat has to answer this question: What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?
Chat has to answer this question: What makes you unique?
Chat has to answer this question: What meme did you hate so much that you're glad it's dead now?
Chat has to answer this question: What molehill has grown into a mountain?
Chat has to answer this question: What movie can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of?
Chat has to answer this question: What movie quote describes your sex life?
Chat has to answer this question: What movie titles already sound like the adult film parody of themselves?
Chat has to answer this question: What movie/tv scene fucked you up the longest after watching it?
Chat has to answer this question: What movie/TV show gave you with nightmares?
Chat has to answer this question: What music or alarm do you use to wake up?
Chat has to answer this question: What mythical creature do you wish actually existed?
Chat has to answer this question: What mythical creature do you wish actually existed?
Chat has to answer this question: What myths are there that aren't true, but nearly only people of your profession know about them being wrong?
Chat has to answer this question: What non-living thing do you spend the most time talking to?
Chat has to answer this question: What non-sexual thing is ok for two girls to do, but weird for two guys to do?
Chat has to answer this question: What normal, everyday situation gives you the most anxiety?
Chat has to answer this question: What part of a movie or franchise really pissed you off?
Chat has to answer this question: What piece of advice from your Dad that you remember the most? Do you fully agree with it?
Chat has to answer this question: What practices are acceptable today but is not acceptable years ago?
Chat has to answer this question: What problems you are currently facing right now ?
Chat has to answer this question: What question are you not sure of the answer to but are to afraid to ask in real life?
Chat has to answer this question: What reddit theme do you use? Why?
Chat has to answer this question: What riddles do you know?
Chat has to answer this question: What risks should we take?
Chat has to answer this question: What scientific photos are hard to believe but are indeed real?
Chat has to answer this question: What screams "I'm socially awkward"?
Chat has to answer this question: What secret of your parents' did you unwittingly expose as a child?
Chat has to answer this question: What seems easy until you try it?
Chat has to answer this question: What seems good on paper, but is horrible in practice?
Chat has to answer this question: What should a person do if he/she doesn't like doing anything, have no passion, no interests, no talent, no personality?
Chat has to answer this question: What should one do for their 24th birthday next Friday?
Chat has to answer this question: What shouldn't exist but somehow does?
Chat has to answer this question: What simple things do you do that improve your daily life?
Chat has to answer this question: What skills on the Skyrim skill tree would you max in real life?
Chat has to answer this question: What small act of kindness have you done this week?
Chat has to answer this question: What small thing did you say/do, at that time you thought was insignificant, that you later found out had a huge impact on somebody's life?
Chat has to answer this question: What song does everyone think is an original, but is actually a cover?
Chat has to answer this question: What song is better than any pre workout?
Chat has to answer this question: What song is currently stuck in your head?
Chat has to answer this question: What song lyrics hit you deepest?
Chat has to answer this question: What song made you worry for the future of music?
Chat has to answer this question: What song/song title describes your life?
Chat has to answer this question: What songs make you happy/ cheer you up?
Chat has to answer this question: What sort of retail stores cannot really survive online?
Chat has to answer this question: What stereotype about people of your country is absolutely right?
Chat has to answer this question: What supplies should you always carry on your person or in your car, in case of an emergency? Why?
Chat has to answer this question: What thing are you supposed to being right now but are to busy surfing reddit?
Chat has to answer this question: What thing hurts more than you would expect it to?
Chat has to answer this question: What things are universally funny?
Chat has to answer this question: What to do if you are having a break down?
Chat has to answer this question: What took you way to long to realize?
Chat has to answer this question: What trend did you start in your school/college/office?
Chat has to answer this question: What two films would you like to combine into one?
Chat has to answer this question: What unexpected thing happened in your small town?
Chat has to answer this question: What us the strangest NSFW content you have viewed?
Chat has to answer this question: What video game did regret buying the second you started playing?
Chat has to answer this question: What video game from your youth beat you? Do you ever plan on going back and trying again?
Chat has to answer this question: What was a question on an exam you read and realized you were f***Ed?
Chat has to answer this question: What was a situation where your gut feeling turned out to be right? What was the result?
Chat has to answer this question: What was a time that you have almost died?
Chat has to answer this question: What was the creepiest or most paranormal thing that’s ever happened to you?
Chat has to answer this question: What was the funniest/most memorable thing your "class clown" did?
Chat has to answer this question: What was the last article/video/post/comment etc. that make you go full CAPS LOCK on the internet?
Chat has to answer this question: What was the most anxiety inducing moment of your life?
Chat has to answer this question: What was the most obvious thing that you never realised that actually had to bee explained to you?
Chat has to answer this question: what was the most unpleasant prejudice you ever had and how did you handle the situation?
Chat has to answer this question: What was the stupidest thing you loved to do as a child?
Chat has to answer this question: What was the weirdest gas station you've ever been to?
Chat has to answer this question: What was the weirdest random conversation with stranger you've ever had?
Chat has to answer this question: What was the worst break up you ever had?
Chat has to answer this question: What was your “it’s not what it looks like” moment?
Chat has to answer this question: What was your “there’s two sides to every story” moment?
Chat has to answer this question: What was your favorite game when you were a kid?
Chat has to answer this question: What was your first video game console, does it still work?
Chat has to answer this question: What was your most petty response to a client/customer/employee/employer/coworker but still manage to stay professional?
Chat has to answer this question: What was your once in a lifetime find/purchase?
Chat has to answer this question: What was your proudest fap?
Chat has to answer this question: What was your weird teenage phase?
Chat has to answer this question: What was/is your favorite flash game to play?
Chat has to answer this question: What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
Chat has to answer this question: What will your last words be?
Chat has to answer this question: What will your last words be?
Chat has to answer this question: What word describes you the most?
Chat has to answer this question: What would be considered a real life boss fight?
Chat has to answer this question: What would be some original Halloween costumes for a guy?
Chat has to answer this question: What would be the limit of advancements in a human civilization?
Chat has to answer this question: What would be the worst thing to hear as you are going under anesthesia before heart surgery?
Chat has to answer this question: What would be your last meal request?
Chat has to answer this question: What would be your personal hell?
Chat has to answer this question: What would be your stripper name if you connect the color of your underwear and the last meal?
Chat has to answer this question: What would happen if a person listened to music all day long?
Chat has to answer this question: What would happen if someone snorted G-fuel?  
Chat has to answer this question: What would happen if the last country you visited completely disappeared?
Chat has to answer this question: What would not be fun if there was no risk in it?
Chat has to answer this question: What would the happiest version of yourself be doing right now?
Chat has to answer this question: What would the world be better off without?
Chat has to answer this question: What would you do with the power to grow or shrink your body to any size?
Chat has to answer this question: What would you never have guessed about how your life has turned out?
Chat has to answer this question: What's a childhood rumor that you still want to know the truth about?
Chat has to answer this question: What's a fun fact everyone should know?
Chat has to answer this question: What's a good Halloween costume this year?
Chat has to answer this question: What's a random statistic that you would want to know about your life?
Chat has to answer this question: What's a shocking fact about the human condition that they only tell you in medical school?
Chat has to answer this question: What's a simple (non-sexual) task that you do regularly that gives you great satisfaction?
Chat has to answer this question: What's a talent you have that you will never make any money with?
Chat has to answer this question: What's a weird or awkward medical condition/disease you've heard of?
Chat has to answer this question: What's getting an abortion like?
Chat has to answer this question: What's one sex thing you did when you were crazy horny but when it was done you were just like "what have I done"?
Chat has to answer this question: What's something everybody hates, but you love to do?
Chat has to answer this question: What's something that everyone should have in their house?
Chat has to answer this question: What's something you do that's small, but kind to help people out on an everyday basis?
Chat has to answer this question: What's something you really like but are embarrassed to say it out loud ?
Chat has to answer this question: What's something you're currently ignoring, that you're actually not sure if it's okay to ignore?
Chat has to answer this question: What's taking forever fellow Humans?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the best car of 2019?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the best insult you've heard?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the craziest thing you did out of shyness/social anxiety that you're afraid to tell anybody?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the dumbest thing you're self-conscious about?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the equivalent of click bait in the real world?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the fastest you saw some turn their life around to the better, what happened?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the most awkward moment You've ever had with family?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done in a city bus?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the most NSFW talent(s) you have?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the most pointless game you've played?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the most severe case of Deja vu you've ever experienced?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the most surprising compliment you've received?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the most valuable thing anyone ever taught you?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the nicest compliment you ever got?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the scariest truth or dare experiences you guys have ever had?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the weirdest thing you've ever eavesdropped on?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the weirdest thing your pet has seen you do?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the worse place you had to take an emergency shit at?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the worst possible gym workout song?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the worst present you've ever gotten?
Chat has to answer this question: What's the worst thing that your country has ever done ?
Chat has to answer this question: What's your "Say No to Drugs" story?
Chat has to answer this question: What's your "trick" to getting a good night's sleep?
Chat has to answer this question: What's your favorite love song?
Chat has to answer this question: What's your favorite memory of your (past or present) pet?
Chat has to answer this question: What's your favorite nickname of Benedict Cumberbatch?
Chat has to answer this question: What's your favorite thing about air travel? Domestic or international ?
Chat has to answer this question: What's your favorite YouTube channel?
Chat has to answer this question: What's your unconventional secret ingredient that you like to add to an ordinary meal that you think makes it taste so much better?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s a good song to listen to when you're mad?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s a little white lie you've been telling your family and friends you want to come clean on?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s a mistake you're surprised people still make?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s a random book you've read (and briefly describe what it was about)?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s a rookie mistake in your hobby?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s a situation money can't fix?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s currently pissing you off today?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s fun to do when you are camping with a friend at night and you are both drinking ?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s it like to be pregnant?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s more important to you when listening to music: the instrumentals/beats or the lyrics?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s one website that if permanently deleted would improve the internet/world?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s something that you've never done or tried?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s something you know you should be doing everyday, but you don't?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s something you would like to gloat about right now?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the “Reddit comment section” Starter Pack?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the best way one can filter out fake news/misinformation on the internet today?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the douchiest accessory you've ever seen on someone’s vehicle?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the hardest thing for you to say, “I love you”, “I'm wrong”, or “I need help”?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the most bullshit feature of the human body?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the most controversial thing you have to say?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the most expensive thing you've broken?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the most interesting building you've ever seen or been in?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the most positive experience you've received from an online community?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the most ridiculous thing you've seen an adult do at a children’s sports game?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the most sarcastic line someone said to you?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the most unhealthy food you won't ever quit eating?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the sexiest way to die?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the spiciest thing you've ever eaten?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s the weirdest encounter with a alcoholic/drug-addict you've had?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s your cure for hiccups?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s your favorite video game quote?
Chat has to answer this question: What’s your worst fapping experience?
Chat has to answer this question: what's a random/irrational thing that gives you anxiety?
Chat has to answer this question: what's one thing you'd say to someone who looks down on fat people?
Chat has to answer this question: what's the closest range for a bow and arrow to be effective? Is the tension of the string alone enough to push the arrow into the target or does it need space to gain momentum?
Chat has to answer this question: what's the longest you've waited for a joke?
Chat has to answer this question: When did you lose some respect for your parent/guardian? And what did they do or say?
Chat has to answer this question: When did you realize you were the ugly one out of your friend group?
Chat has to answer this question: When does the phrase "better late than never" NOT apply?
Chat has to answer this question: When was the first time someone broke your heart?
Chat has to answer this question: When you are checking internet connection, what you are googling?
Chat has to answer this question: When you are old, what do you think children will ask you to tell stories about?
Chat has to answer this question: When you die you wake up in a room full of your alien friends doing drugs and they ask you”how was it” what do you tell them first?
Chat has to answer this question: When you think "Nostalgia", what comes to mind for you?
Chat has to answer this question: When you're waiting in a waiting room with your phone in hand, what is the first app that you typically tap?
Chat has to answer this question: Whenever you fart, a song plays. Which song will it be?
Chat has to answer this question: Where are some unusual places you've been?
Chat has to answer this question: Where do you get your news?
Chat has to answer this question: Where is the Hollywood of your country?
Chat has to answer this question: Where’s the best meal you've ever had?
Chat has to answer this question: Which 'poor man's food' you actually enjoy ?
Chat has to answer this question: Which animal would be the most dangerous if they gained the ability to communicate like humans and also had a way to build tools similar to humans?
Chat has to answer this question: Which black mirror episode will most likely become real?
Chat has to answer this question: Which celebrities probably fucked?
Chat has to answer this question: Which Celebrity were you fan of before, but don't like them anymore over something controversial?
Chat has to answer this question: Which character from a movie/t.v. show fell the greatest distance to their death?
Chat has to answer this question: Which comic series is yours most favorite?
Chat has to answer this question: Which conspiracy theory would you most like to turn out to be true?
Chat has to answer this question: Which dog breed is your favorite?
Chat has to answer this question: Which fanbase has been screwed over the most?
Chat has to answer this question: Which hot pocket flavor do you wish existed?
Chat has to answer this question: Which Lovecraftian deity would you summon and why?
Chat has to answer this question: Which memory from your childhood makes you smile when you look back at it?
Chat has to answer this question: Which one has been your worst birthday experience?
Chat has to answer this question: Which rule do they have at your job that makes your work actually harder? And to what extent is it limiting your work?
Chat has to answer this question: Which song's have your best memories attached to them? And if not to personal, what was the memory?
Chat has to answer this question: Which subreddit has the most /nofunallowed/ moderation with extremely strict rules?
Chat has to answer this question: Who could call you and say, "I need a favor," and get an unequivocal yes?
Chat has to answer this question: Who do you think is the hottest Game Of Thrones actor and actress?
Chat has to answer this question: Who is Jesus Christ to you?  
Chat has to answer this question: Who is somebody that you always hated or disliked whom was popular with people around you? Were your gut feelings right in the end?
Chat has to answer this question: Who is the least talented celebrity?
Chat has to answer this question: Who is your big hero?
Chat has to answer this question: Who is your worst enemy?
Chat has to answer this question: Who was your favorite teacher ever?
Chat has to answer this question: Who’s the worst “the rules don't apply to me” person you've ever met?
Chat has to answer this question: Who’s your favorite stand up comedian?
Chat has to answer this question: Why are humans required to drop their keys as they try to open their house?
Chat has to answer this question: Why are men afraid of talking to girls?
Chat has to answer this question: Why are plates round?
Chat has to answer this question: Why are toe cramps so acutely painful?
Chat has to answer this question: Why are you avoiding people right now?
Chat has to answer this question: Why are you proud of yourself right now?
Chat has to answer this question: Why are you reading this?
Chat has to answer this question: Why are you the way you are?
Chat has to answer this question: Why aren't you working?
Chat has to answer this question: why did you break up with your ex?
Chat has to answer this question: Why do certain guys just seem cool?
Chat has to answer this question: Why do most companies use windows instead of mac?
Chat has to answer this question: Why do we involve ourselves in the rat race?
Chat has to answer this question: Why do you believe anything Kurzgesagt — In a Nutshell is saying?
Chat has to answer this question: Why do you think Reddit is called Reddit?
Chat has to answer this question: Why do you think the world is getting fucked up?
Chat has to answer this question: Why is it difficult to change oneself?  
Chat has to answer this question: Why is marriage considered an outdated tradition nowadays?
Chat has to answer this question: Why is the libertarian party so small in the US?
Chat has to answer this question: Why on Earth would someone go through the preposterous task of meeting all of r/askreddit 's rules just to get a question posted?
Chat has to answer this question: Why would god have “chosen people “?
Chat has to answer this question: Why would someone not want to be a celebrity?
Chat has to answer this question: Will you donate your organs and tissues when you die? Why or why not?
Chat has to answer this question: Window cleaners reading this: What’s the most crazy or disturbing thing you've watched while working?
Chat has to answer this question: Windows just asked you to make a new default app for all computers, what is it called and what does it do?
Chat has to answer this question: Without saying the name of your city/town, how did it get its name?
Chat has to answer this question: Would the world be better if plastic wasn't invented? If so, why?
Chat has to answer this question: Would there be a technology in future by which we can travel to space as if in flights or just a usual travelling service available, although costly?
Chat has to answer this question: WW3 breaks out, but instead of countries, it's twitter vs facebook vs youtube vs reddit. Your side is chosen based on overall activity. Who wins the war?
Chat has to answer this question: Yo just bought a big bag of 400 "fun-sized" candies for yourself, there are 6 different kinds of candy in the bag.... do you sort the candies or just leave them unsorted and why?
Chat has to answer this question: You aquire Spider-Man's abilities for one hour, what do you do with them in that time?
Chat has to answer this question: You are a movie producer commissioning a live action movie adaptation of a cartoon you watched during your childhood. What cartoon is it, who will direct, and who will you cast?
Chat has to answer this question: You are an actual nigerian prince trying to move your money. But you get your voice drowned by scammers. So how do you do it?
Chat has to answer this question: You are arrested, tried & convicted (life sentence) for a crime you did not commit, how would you feel about attempting an escape from prison that would require murdering a guard to be successful?
Chat has to answer this question: You are given 1 million dollars if you assist Donald Trump as president for six months, what do you do? Do you try override his orders or follow his lead?
Chat has to answer this question: You are given the choice of one spell from any video game, tabletop RPG, movie, or book to know and be able to cast in real life. What spell do you choose and why?
Chat has to answer this question: You are given the powers of a Kryptonian. A billionaire in a bat suit is trying to take you down. How will you defeat him?
Chat has to answer this question: You are in charge of the universe, what would you do?
Chat has to answer this question: You are now in possession of a book where anything you write in the book will become reality. What will you do with your new power?
Chat has to answer this question: You are now living today over and over again, just like Groundhog Day. What is the first thing you do?
Chat has to answer this question: You are now Prince Gullible and King Gullible tells you that when you kiss the “Sacred Frog” it will turn into your bride. Who does the Frog turn into?
Chat has to answer this question: You are offered 50 dollars for each childhood memory you are willing to erase. The erasing starts with your favorite then your second fav, and so on. Would you take this offer and if so, how many times?
Chat has to answer this question: You are sent back in time to the year 1600 and all you have with you is your phone, a pair of headphones and a solar powered phone charger, you have the entirety of Wikipedia and your Spotify playlist downloaded offline, how do you become the ruler of the world?
Chat has to answer this question: You are the devil and Jesus Christ is running for president in 2020. What are some of the highlights of your campaign to get elected?
Chat has to answer this question: You can choose a person and an activity. Every time you snap your fingers that person has to do the activity (For example Will Smith does a backflip). You can't change the person or the activity later on. Who do you mess with?
Chat has to answer this question: You can go live in another universe in the multiverse, each dimension based on one alteration to the world. What is different in your universe?
Chat has to answer this question: You can talk telepathically with every person you kicked in the crotch. What is your plan?
Chat has to answer this question: You die and your life gets rewinded to it's beginning. But there's a glitch and you don't forget the life you had spent. You realize you are stuck in a loop. What do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: You find multiple room sized boxes with doors, above each door is a title that would change. (E.g. "dragons" or "futuristic"). If you entered you would be able to live out your wildest dreams based on that subject in a pocket dimension. What would your door say? And what would it be like inside?
Chat has to answer this question: You find out that your life is just a movie being directed by M. Night shyamalan. What do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: You find ten dollars outside of a building- you look around and no one is actively searching for anything, everyone is going about their business as usual. Do you take the money, turn in the money, leave the money, etc? What do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: You found land and it's now a country, what would you name it?
Chat has to answer this question: You found the cure for cancer at last, What would you call it?
Chat has to answer this question: You get an option to Control + Z a moment of your life (only one action and the latest one , just like in a computer) when and why would u use it?
Chat has to answer this question: You get teleported 3 meters to the left. How does this change your life?
Chat has to answer this question: You get to erase one memory from your brain for forever, which one do you pick?
Chat has to answer this question: You have 1 hour to spend 100,000$ ( you can not buy something online) what do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: You have the perfect voice to sing any song in any way that you want. You can have as many dancers, co-singers and people playing instruments as you want as well. They and you won't miss any note. What is the first song you sing?
Chat has to answer this question: You have the power to rename anything and make it the official name. What do you rename?
Chat has to answer this question: You have to host your own TED talk. What is about and what is it’s name?
Chat has to answer this question: You have to live underground for the rest of your life, never seeing daylight. Everything is normal on the surface and people can bring you things, but you cannot leave. Where do you choose to live?
Chat has to answer this question: You have to make 1 mil dollar in a week, using any legal or illegal techniques. what do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: You have to set your morning alarm to the most startling noise or song possible, what do you set it to?
Chat has to answer this question: You just died. The last photo in your gallery is who killed you. What or who is the culprit?
Chat has to answer this question: You just died. The last photo in your gallery killed you. Who or what is the culprit?
Chat has to answer this question: You just died. The last photo in your gallery killed you. Who or what is the culprit?
Chat has to answer this question: You just killed someone, how will you hide their body?
Chat has to answer this question: You must use the objects closest to you to defend yourself. How do you fare?
Chat has to answer this question: You need to show a movie to a stranger for them to fully know you. What movie would be it?
Chat has to answer this question: You rule the world for one day, with no consequences after. What's the first thing you do ?
Chat has to answer this question: You suddenly get the infinity gauntlet, right on your hand. You have one chance to snap without any harm to your body, and then it disappears. What do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: You wake up and look in the mirror and realize you look exactly like Gordon Ramsay, what do you do next?
Chat has to answer this question: You wake up in bed and your the opposite gender. What do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: You wake up to find an exact living replica of yourself. What do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: You wake up to find out some words in front of your eyes, reading "status effects" What would your current status effects be?
Chat has to answer this question: You wake up, and see your last night's post reached a million upvotes. What do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: You wake up in the year 1754, naked and alone. How do you convince the people that you are from the future and not just a crazy person?
Chat has to answer this question: You win $300 million from the lottery. What are the first 3 things you do and why?
Chat has to answer this question: You're a bartender and are tasked with making the nastiest cocktail using ingredients that an average bar would have. What are the ingredients and what do you call it?
Chat has to answer this question: You're given the option to back and redo your life. You have a second chance at everything up to now, but you can only remember one thing from before the reset. What do you choose to remember?
Chat has to answer this question: You're on a first date and you're not feeling it, no"going to the bathroom and ditching" what creative thing can you say to get out of it?
Chat has to answer this question: You're on a superb date when you accidentally dump a toxic fart. What's your next move?
Chat has to answer this question: You're running for president. Your opponent is Jesus Christ. How do you run against him?
Chat has to answer this question: You're turned into a pigeon for a day,what do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: you're about to lose your sight for the rest of your life but the very last thing you see you’ll be able to remember and recall with 100% accuracy like a true photographic memory, what would you choose as your last eternal visual memory?
Chat has to answer this question: you're sent 200 years into the past with a phone that has 100% charge but no charger, what do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: you're suddenly in your body from two years ago with the brain you have today. What do you do now?
Chat has to answer this question: Young Millionaires reading this (under 35), how did you earn the money/what is your job?
Chat has to answer this question: Younger folk reading this, what's the best and sneakiest way you skipped school?
Chat has to answer this question: Your ex, whom you loath, just won a $500 million powerball rings up to proclaim her undying love for you. They want you in their life forever.What do you do?
Chat has to answer this question: Your last lie will turn to truth, what will be changed & what gonna happen ?
Chat has to answer this question: Your Wife is pregnant, there are hugh complications and the doctors can only save the baby or your wife, Men who do you save, Women who would you want your husband to save?
Chat has to answer this question: Your wrestler name will be the color of the shirt you're wearing and the nearest object to your right connected. What is it?
You get to have sex with the Woman/Man of your dreams. However, there is press conference after discussing your performance. Do you do it, why or why not?
Tomorrow you wake up to find yourself in the year 2005. You are your younger self at this period in time, but you have all the knowledge of the skills you learned as well as the events that happen over the next decade and a half. What is your course of action?
What will today's babies' generation hate about their parents' generation when they get older?
Men of The World, what do women do that they think is okay but is actually creepy?
What is the best physical, yet non-sexual, sensation?
You now have 10000 copies of the last thing you lost. What is it?
What is the most abused inanimate object?
With a Star Wars quote...How is your sex life?
Your last text you sent is your war cry. What is it?
What are the most suspicious coincidences in history?
If youtube was shutting down its website and they gave you one last chance to watch a single video, what would it be?
What something that used to be extremely popular but doesn't/barely exists anymore?
You get $1 for every time you mildly inconvenience someone, how do you start earning money?
 People who have cut a parent out of their lives, have you ever regretted it and why?
What is the most "Are you kidding me?” moment you have ever experienced?
What unsolved mystery have you been through that has absolutely no plausible explanation?
What would happen if all of the "#1 Dad" mugs in the world changed to show the actual ranking of dads?
Ex-cons of The World, which crimes where respected in prison, which where hated, why?
You are forced to run out of the room you are currently in while shouting, "I must go! My people need me!" What are the consequences?
What are some bright moments in The World history?
If you were paid $1000 a day, doubling each day, to stay in a blank room containing only food, water, and a toilet, how long would you stay in there and why?
Women of The World, what do men do that they think is okay but is actually creepy?
What morbid fact do you know? 
What's your favorite insult?
What did you learn in school that you never used in real life?
Without telling us your age, how old are you?
People who always use the same name for all games and websites, how did you come up with it? How old is it?
If your life was a book, what would be the title?
How would you describe your country without actually using the name?
What is a thing You could talk about for hours?
If your The World username would predict the way you die, how will it happen?
What would Peter Parker have called his super hero persona if he never knew he was bitten by a spider?
How come drinks are usually the last thing on a menu but they are the first thing you order?
People from Florida, what's your best "Florida man" story you've witnessed in person?
What are some of the biggest lies corporations tell consumers?
If portals become readily available at any size for any application, what are some bizarre ways in which they could be used?
What company can you always trust for good video games?
What's the most illegal thing you own?
If you had been born during the Medieval period, what do you think your job would be?
What would you name the first Mars colony?
In the event of a zombie apocalypse, what would your role in a group of people be?
You wake up and realize that your last wish came true. What was it?
Lonely people of The World, how are you doing?
Aliens of The World, what do humans do that they think is okay but is actually creepy?
What's something subtle that screams "I'm rich"?
Wedding Planners of The World: What is your best “the bride must never know' story?
What is something that instantly makes you angry?
No one knows when you will die but you can trade and receive $100,000 for every one year of life you remove from how long you will live, how much do you risk trading and what is your plan with the money?
What do you give a perfect 10/10 rating?
Siri DIES each time the phone battery runs low, and she's on her deathbed, what are your parting words to her?
What is something non-sexual that seriously turns you on?
People who took videos of fireworks, when have you ever watched that video?
What's your political ideology, distilled into a single sentence?
You last text is how you died.How did you die?
You are awarded $2500 to spend on yourself (can't give it to your mom, or diabetic uncle), what are you treating yourself to?
What's something that you thought was common knowledge?
What's the worst thing to say during sex?
You're a dolphin for a day, what do you do?
You have the chance to reset your real-life stats just once. Which attribute do you max out?
What is The World missing?
What animal is more terrifying than most people think?
What do you hate other people doing but do it a lot yourself?
People who have played the sleeping partner or oblivious extra in porn, what was it like?
If human experiments were made legal, what would scientists first experiment about?
People who have gotten college degrees that are considered useless, what happened after graduation?
Where is the most inappropriate place to propose to someone?
What makes a sandwich 10x better?
What is your rule no. #1 in life that you genuinely believe you will never change no matter what the circumstances be?
With a Harry Potter quote.... How's your sex life?
What was your favorite website from the 90's internet?
The last thing you searched is how you die. What happens?
Those who wouldn't immediately quit their job if they won the jackpot on the lottery - why not?
You have the ability to bring back one thing that you lost. What will you bring back?
What is something you found out you were doing wrong way too late in life?
What is the best way to start a small talk ?
Whats the weirdest/most interesting support call or chat you've had?
Which dumb ass moment of your past is keeping you up tonight?
What are the most underrated video games?
You can read this as any question you like... What is your answer?
What "Old Person" Things Do You Do?
What is the best quote from a TV show?
You have two hours to make 100 people show up in front of your home. How do you do it?
What's your favorite way to eat eggs?
How can we come together as a community to create a real YouTube alternative?
What is your 'fake it til you make it' story?
Your last text message are your last words, what does it say?
People of The World, do you need a hug? What's wrong?
The worlds who were online in the 1990s: what would today's kids not believe about the old internet?
People with depression, what (seemingly normal everyday "mundane") thing did you today that made you feel proud of yourself for accomplishing?
What's something that seems really archaic to you, but it's still an accepted part of your culture?
Red Bull actually gives you wings. What are some other products that give you an added bonus for using it?
The last picture on your phone is what you painted and got famous for, how'd you get famous?
What are some disturbing folklore or legends from your area of the world?
Janitors of The World: what is new in mop tech?
What is the most stupid thing you got in trouble for at school?
What movie is an absolute masterpiece from beginning to end?
Ladies of The World, what is something that Hollywood always gets wrong about women?
Teachers of The World, what is the scariest thing a student has told you?
What is your 'the one that got away' story?
How did you lose your virginity?
What commonly used saying do you disagree with?
What hybrid animal would be badass? Why?
The worlds who married a long distance boyfriend/girlfriend, how long were you long distance? What was most difficult about it?
You can get any super powers you want, but someone else in the world gets them too and their sole purpose is to destroy you. Do you accept? Why or why not?
Why is it "cheeseCAKE" not "cheesePIE"?
What's a recent moment where you were just so sick of being alive?
What are some things you can only do in the fall?
You get $350,000 but your entire porn search history becomes public with your name attached to it, do you take it? Why or why not?
People with lots of life experience what is something you can tell the 'younger, generation?
What songs come on that will instantly make you jam out, even in public?
You've been selected for a 2 year biodome experiment with 5 other people of mixed genders, thousands of state of the art high definition cameras will record every single moment of your life for the duration and broadcast live around the world. Do you accept? Why or why not?
Your trapped in a room with the last person you spoke to for the rest of your life, how's your situation?
What is the most stressful thing you ever had to go through in high school?
Objective: Earn 100 000 dollars in one week. What's your plan to achieve this?
Teachers of The World, what's the most messed up thing you've seen a kid do in class?
What's something you never noticed that you did weird until somebody pointed it out?
Why don't TV manufacturers add a button to TVs that make the remote emit a noise so you can find it?
Whats your favourite movie of your life?
 How are you doing this week?
How do they furnish huge hotels? Is there some sort of trick or is it just them sending packed elevators full of mattresses and furniture to each floor?
What is your definition of living on the edge?
You wake up tomorrow and realise that your entire relationship with your significant other was a dream. How do you feel?
What is your favorite song right now?
What's your "I met a famous person" story?
You've just fallen out of the window of a 100 story building, you are quickly falling to your inevitable death, what's the last thing that you think about ?
What is something that annoys or bothers you that you cant complain about because no one understands or seems petty?
What are you banned from? Why?
How does the complexity of the written characters in languages like Japanese and Chinese affect eyesight over time growing with those languages? Like are people raised with these written languages less likely to need glasses?
What's your best friend like and how much do you love them?
How do you fact check someone without seeming like a jerk?
Putting milk in before your cereal reserves you a special place in hell. What other "food sins" are there?
What should you never get a tattoo of?
How would you handle $2,000,000?
You can choose one Pokemon to be your gardian and they are super loyal to you, what Pokemon would you choose?
The World, what keeps you up at night?
What would be weird to hear out in the woods at night?
You have to explain to aliens what music is. Which song do you choose?
If you won lottery worth 1 billion, How you'd spend all that money?
What was the last thing that really made you cry?
What's the worst song by your favorite artist?
What's something you would only know growing up poor?
How do you let go of grudges and the anger that comes with them?
You can now only speak in the form of quotes from your favorite character. How's that gonna work out?
What was something a sales rep said or did that made you instantly lose interest in what they were selling?
Who is the least douchey YouTuber?
How common is eating entire pints of Ben and Jerry's?
Strong stomached people of The World, what gross thing immediately made you blow chunks?
What seemingly immoral/unethical/plain bad practice has been normalised by your industry?
You get $1 every time a particular question is asked anywhere around the world. What question do you choose?
What is the "I pity the fool who..." of your job/career?
What's the worst song to have as your ringtone play when meeting your girlfriend's parents?
What if Obama was the president during the 1920s?
What is the worst experience you've had on an airplane?
What "life hacks" have you tried that actually worked?
Women who have given birth in an unplanned place, what's your story?
If you had one afternoon to spend with your younger self, what activity would you want to do with them?
What is your favorite thing to touch?
Single people, what's the one thing you miss most about being in a relationship?
You are given access to a bank account with one billion dollars for one hour. What do you buy?
Without using numbers, how old are you?
If life was a game, what real-life thing would be considered a glitch?
What is the origin of the phrase "don't drop the soap"?
You find a book, it says "My Mistakes" by (your name). You decide to read it and it has all the mistakes you have made up until your present point in life. You discover a page that says "For each page you read, one year is taken from however long you live" Would you keep reading? Why or why not?
What is your favourite version of the apocalypse?
Do you ever experience the "doorway effect" while closing a tab, where you forget what you were going to do next, similar to when you enter another room?
What was easier to do 90 years ago than it is today?
What would you definitely always go out if your way to poop on if you were a bird?
What's the most embarrassing sign you can hold up while picking someone up from prison?
What's a fictional character that is well loved but for some reason you hate? And why?
What's something expensive that's absolutely NOT worth it?
Men of The World, what are some things you think that woman just cannot understand?
When is it acceptable (if ever) to break the law?
The last person you looked at is the next person you have sex with. How does this change your life?
What is some thing you absolutely love, but is looked down upon by society?
Human beings of The World what is it like to be in a relationship with an alien from area 51?
People who often explore abandoned prisons, hospitals, houses etc. What is a must know when exploring?
You find yourself in a room with all the people who you've had feelings for and everyone who's ever had feelings for you. What do you do/say?
If you were told that you were going to die in 10 years in a really specific way like a car accident or lung cancer, how drastically would it change the way you live now?
What will our kids' generation hate about our generation, that you personally would never agree with your kids on?
Why are we expected to love our parents just because they "gave us life"?
How do you enjoy life being sober?
What are some great words that would make your vocabulary sound better?
What songs have you had on repeat lately?
What common question you hate getting asked?
What did you say you'd never do that you've done at least once?
People who fold pizza, why?
What has changed in your everyday social life and/or local culture from 2010 to 2019 excluding internet culture?
People of The World: What songs did you actually really enjoy that were eventually ruined by becoming meme songs?
What do you want your last words to be?
What are some good philosophy, ethics, history, etc. books that expand the mind?
How do you overcome paralyzing, irrational fear of heights?
If you could erase your memories of one piece of media (a game,book,TV show,movie) and experience it all over again, what would it be and why?
What do you hate about yourself the most?
When you were in middle or high school, what were traits or actions of yours that you thought could impress a crush but didn't?
What is the worst thing you could say to someone dying of cancer?
What's up with The World's hate for generalizations?
If life gave you lemons what would you do with them?
What are some relatively cheap certifications, programs, or courses that could boost your resume?
What minor inconvenience have you experienced that you just can't let go?
Bus drivers of The World, what's the craziest thing you've seen on your route?
Hiring managers of The World, what was something on someone's CV/resume that made you either immediately want to hire them or immediately reject them?
They say that it takes 10,000 hours of practice to master something. If this is the case, then what are you a master of?
What's the scariest voice or noise you've heard (from a movie, TV, video game, real life, etc)?
Dear procrastinators, what should you be doing right now?
What's the best quote you've heard from a non-famous person (ie: your parents, friends, local store owner etc.)?
Introverts of The World how did you find your partner/lover?
You are forced to take the last thing you ate and throw it at the face of a friend of your choosing. What is the food and how does the friend react?
What are your craziest sleepover story?
What was the last productive thing you did today?
Hey, what's your favorite word?
What food is delicious when drunk, yet terrible when sober?
Through introspection and self-reflection from life experiences, what are your positive personality traits, characteristics, and quirks about you?
Gamers of The World, what was your most annoying death?
You are a god who is tasked with giving mild convenience to humanity. How do you achieve this?
 What are you passionate about ?
When is a time when intoxicated you actually did something good for your sober self?
 If you could read the minds of anyone closer than 20 feet (Or about 6 meters), how would you use your gift to improve your life?
How did you meet your partner?
Do you feel uncomfortable having a friend who's significantly richer than you? Why or why not?
You are now up in heaven which mystery/mysteries ( you experienced or read/heard or know about) would you ask God to explain or rewind for you?
What is that one food everyone loves but but you can't stand?
What acronym did you think stood for something else?
the dad from Calvin and Hobbes said being a parent is wanting to hug and strangle your kid at the same time. Whats your latest example of this?
Who was the coolest teacher you had or have and why?
Confident people of The World, how do you maintain your confidence?
If you could make one active bodily function passive, and one passive bodily function active, what would you swap?
What's your favorite made-up insult?
You win $10,000 every day. The catch is, you have to spend it on strangers. What random acts of kindness do you partake in?
 what's a life changing thing someone has said to you before dying?
What are the little actions or details during sex that turn you on the most?
People of The World, what product or food item widely available and consumed in your country were you surprised to learn is actually expensive, or even a delicacy, in other parts of the world?
What is something you don't understand about people?
Online daters of The World, what is your most memorable experience of being catfished?
 Creators of The World who released their big project (game, book, album) that bombed critically or with fans, how did it affect your life and your subsequent career?
You get to have a an unlimited ability of only something fun, what is your ability?
What's the most pathetic thing you have seen someone do for attention?
What's the highest you've ever been?
Who had every gift but length of years?
What was your weirdest dream?
What is an absolutely terrifying fact that no one thinks of?
What do you wish you knew in your early 20s?
What's something you thought would be amazing till you actually tried it?
You've just received the oppurtunity to go back and fix any mistake in your life, what was the mistake and how do you fix it?
What was something you hated seeing adults do/say as a kid, but grew up and ended up doing that too?
What is the best way to fight a hangover?
What is something you are ashamed to admit about your family?
What is your favorite word to describe a dumb person?
You wake up to find yourself in the body of a person of the opposite gender. What do you do?
Gamers of The World, have you ever lost all your save data in a game? If so, what happened?
Tomorrow, you wake up and find out that world war 3 has started. What is your immediate plan of action or train of thoughts?
What's something that looks cool when a human does it, but would look weird if a skeleton did it?
What's your all time favorite movie?
What is your worst experience with a "nice guy" ?
Law enforcement officials of The World, what is the most obscure law you've ever had to enforce and how did it happen?
For all the boys out there what do you find super cute when a girl does it?
How do you make your trip to work/school interesting?
What is advice you've always been told that is actually awful advice?
What's the biggest waste of money you've spent? do you regret it?
Police of The World: How did someone talk their way out of a ticket?
What are the hallmarks of a bad person?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in VR?
Have you ever been victim to a crime? What was the experience like?
What was the most rebellious thing that you did as a kid?
What is native to your country that foreigners find fascinating but you see as uninteresting?
You now have the power to send your consciousness back in time to a certain age of your former self. What would you change in that period of your life?
What is the most under appreciated job?
People who got "cold feet" and actually left , whats your story ?
What simple task/chore will get put off forever if you skip it only once?
What are the drawbacks of killing serious criminals?
What rabbit hole did you go down recently?
Are US highschools like they are depicted in movies and whats it like in real life ?
If they made a live action "Jetsons" movie, who would be cast in the lead roles?
Fan on or no fan when you sleep?
How do you manage stress?
Whats something that scared you as a kid that really shouldn't have?
 how can you make some solid/serious/decent $ off of your android smart phone?
What doesn't taste as good as it smells?
Hey The World, What act of forgiveness have you witnessed lately that literally slacked your jaw?
What is something weird you did when your brain was on autopilot?
Anyone who has experienced sleep paralysis what is it like? Do you actually have a sleep paralysis demon that you see in that state?
What are some exercices you can do at home to look better?
You either have to have sex with a duck in the middle of a crowded petting zoo, or your entire search history (including incognito mode) is released to all of your family and friends, what do you choose, why?
What would you like to happen to your body when you pass away?
Your on your death bed and you've got 5 seconds left to live, what are your last words?
What's an urban legend you remember from your childhood?
 what's one thing you did recently in your life that has made a drastic improvement and you wish you did sooner?
What YouTube video that made you cry?
What are some songs that blew off but who are lowkey awful?
To Homophobic people, why are you against same sex couples/same sex marriage?
You get to put anything you want on a billboard that the whole world sees, what do you put on it?
What's the most relieving feeling ever?
People that have mullets, why?
This is just weeks prior to the Ottoman assault on the city. You are crowned Emperor and are given everything at your disposal to fight the Ottomans. With your modern day knowledge, what would be your plan of action to ensure that the city doesn't fall into Ottoman hands?
Parents! What's something your child has done that you're going to talk about forever?
What are some insulting gestures in your country?
What's something you really wouldn't wish on your worst enemy?
What can instantly make you panic?
You get a check for $500 in the mail every time you poop, but you always have diarrhea. Do you accept, and how do you capitalize?
Human cloning has been perfected and is legal, someone offers you $100,000 for your DNA so that they may clone you only once for their own purposes. You may request one condition for your clone - what is it?
What did you eat that gave you the worst poops of your life?
The worlds, what's the most cruel thing you've ever done?
Procrastinators of The World, what would boost your energy to finish that damn task?
What are some of your bad habits?
What's your best 3 ingredient dish?
What has made you laugh so much it hurt?
What sad thing do you find funny?
Everyone of The World, what is the most wholesome thing someone has done for you?
What will elderly look like in 60 years? What will be different about clothing and other stereotypical "old people" things?
If you could see just 5 seconds into the future, how would you use that insight to make millions?
People at the wrong place at the right time, what's your story?
Who is a celebrity that fucked up their reputation in a big way?
People who censor their bad/curse/cuss words on the internet - why?
Adults of The World, what is there to look forward to after the age of 25?
Your The World username determines your superpower what is your power?
What is something you know, but you shouldn't know?
You are in a muppet show, What's your running gag?
What's one thing/story your parents told you about their youth, that makes you go "no way YOU did THAT!" ?
What's a subThe World that deserves more followers?
You get to see 10, 30 or 50 years into the future. Which one do you pick?
What's your favourite way to procrastinate?
What would you want people to say at your funeral?
What was the most pathetic Halloween costume that you've ever worn or seen?
What's the stupidest question you found on AskThe World?
How did your first kiss go? Did it go the way you wanted?
Married people of The World. What's that one thing you wish people told you before getting married?
You have the power to grant permanent sentience to inanimate objects, they can communicate fully but only move to the best of their ability. What do you use the power on and why?
People who drive incredibly dirty vehicles, why dont you clean it?
People of The World: You wake up one morning and realize you've been granted true factual knowledge of every event that's ever happened on Earth: everything from the formation of the solar system to what every single person had for lunch yesterday. What do you do with this knowledge?
Why do you think you deserve pay higher than minimum wage(if you're working minimum wage, or have before)?
What's something you hate but only people with your same job will understand?
People who wake up energetic and don't stay 2 hours in their bed after they wake up. How do you do it?
If life was a video game what would be considered a small win and give you 1 XP?
Using a quote from 'the Office', can you explain what sex is like?
What is a question that you want OP to answer?
Hey The World, how's life?
What do you do to impress someone you're attracted to?
Uber or Ride Share Drivers of The World - whats the longest trip you've ever given?
You just found out that your best friend is actually an alien in disguise. What odd habits/weird quirks about them does this explain?
How do you fix being so mentally exhausted daily after work?
You can make everyone in the world believe one lie. What lie do you tell them?
What's your personal philosophy?
What would you do if your cat is refusing to look for a job or help around the house?
What is that Offensive thing you said to someone you regretted immediately ?
What would be your dream videogame?
Vegans/Vegetarians of The World, what are some misunderstandings you'd like to clear up?
If you could go back in time and revisit your younger self what action would you prevent your younger self from doing?
What's something people do that screams "I'm looking for attention?"
If you were stuck in a car for 24 hours with a famous singer, actor, and athlete, Which celebrities would you hope for?
People who comment 'This.', what other interesting opinions do you hold?
Atomic weapons are never developed so Nagasaki and Hiroshima are never nuked, How does this change history?
Doomsday Preppers: what major event did you plan for that didn't happen? What kind of financial hit did you take?
Do you collect stuff that you don't show to other people for fear of being judged? What are they?
People of The World, How did you get over your first breakup?
What do you call a person, who keeps browsing shopping sites but doesn't buy anything?
What is the most disgusting/unpleasant feeling that you have ever experienced?
Janitors of The World, what's something people do that pisses you off?
What is one scene of a film the never fails to put tears in your eyes?
If you could memorize any book down to each word, what book would you memorize?
People of The World, what is your best "they had it coming" moment?
Poof! The loving genie appears! He will twist the wish to the most loving way! The only wish is no wishing for wishes! What do you wish for?
What scary (but NOT gory) moves should be watched this month?
What is the appropriate response to being called a snowflake if you are not a snowflake?
What is good theme music you could play to match different life situations?
Do you think marriage is becoming outdated? Why or why not?
What is your favorite smell?
People of The World: If songs described the situations you got in what song would play the most?
 What is your opinion on reverse-racism?
What do you enjoy the most about Halloween?
Grudge holders of The World, what did the other person do to you?
What is your "go-to" sub-The World? Why?
What are some of the worst ways to explain some of the best plot twists to some of the best movies?
In a world where the average human height is 11 feet, how does our infrastructure fundamentally change?
People of The World, what do you do to save money?
If people were attracted to something that killed them, like bugs are to light fixtures, what would you be attracted to?
What is your single favorite scene from any TV show?
When sleeping under a blanket, what do you Do with your hands?
What's the first rule of fight club?
What is the best purchase you have ever made?
What's the single most expensive thing you've purchased in cash that you later regretted?
You are the world's most passive-aggressive supervillain. How do you spread chaos through the world?
You decide to run for political office using only the resources you have. What do you do first ?
The worlds born on February 29th, when do you celebrate your birthday, and what do you do when your real birthday comes around?
What are some items you might find at the Trump Presidential Library?
What embarrassing thing you did years ago keeps you up at night still?
How should you respond to a thank you if they were definitely not welcome?
How did you find what you are passionate about?
what is your opinion on marriage? do you think it's outdated?
Sentient dogs of The World what do you think of human beings?
What do you say when someone knocks on the public bathroom door you're using?
What movie has the most rewatchability?
Skaters, What's the nastiest accident you've ever had?
Your username is why you went to Heaven. What's your story?
What is totally useless but people keep paying for it?
What would make you happy right now?
Why is there such a push to ban flavored vape juice, but not flavored cigarettes?
What should a female wear to a casual job interview? For a not so serious, more fun work environment but still look put together enough?
What's the worst pain you've accidentally inflicted on yourself?
What keeps you up at night?
What mistake do you keep making again and again?
What is your best *hits blunt* mind-fuck theory/question?
If you could have a perfect day, what would you be doing?
Cops of The World, what do people think is legal but is actually illegal?
If life is a video game, what accomplishments are worth the most points, and what are some hidden accomplishments?
What is the worst thing to suddenly stand up and tell in church?
If The World had a war what sub would win and why?
What should be free but isn't?
Anyone else get nostalgia when u walk in on ur kids watching cartoons that u watched as a kid?
What's your favorite single track of any video game OST?
What did you see that you shouldn't have seen?
What is a profession that surprised you when you learned what it paid (either high or low)?
What's better? Cute girls or hot girls?
What Movie made the biggest impact on your life?
What is one thing that always pisses you off?
What's something nasty that's an actual food?
You get to choose one thing to happen whenever a specific condition is met. What do you come up with?
What was something you despised see adults do or say as a kid, but grew up and ended up doing that too?
What book would you recommend to others to give a shot at?
You wake up and have changed bodies with your significant other what is the first thing you do?
what was ruined when to many people started doing it?
What is your favorite dark beer?
Carbs, fat or protein after drinking? Which source of calories is most important to lessen a hangover?
What have you used in desperation when there was no toilet paper?
What's the worst thing that someone ever did to you ?
What about your country or region/state is special, that others don't know? Or defy preconceived notions?
The World, what was your biggest family scandal?
Hey The World, what are some random facts you know?
What is the correct place to stare while walking behind someone on the stairs?
Which animal/creature freaks you out?
Gen-X and Boomers use cell phones as the prime example of "a luxury they didn't have when they were kids". What will that be for the younger generations when they grow up?
What will immediately disqualify a potential SO? What would immediately seal the deal?
What celebrities, if any, have given graduation speeches in character (for example, Steve Carell as Michael Scott), and what character were they?
What is the female equivalent of the question, "Are you an ass or tits guy?"
Roller coaster enthusiasts of The World, what was the worst coaster you have been on?
What makes someone instantly sexy?
What's your favourite insult that doesn't exist in English ?
Why are we even here?
What's something that you've never said out loud?
Do you believe in ghosts/spirits? Why or why not?
If the entire internet was shutting down, and you were allowed to do one last thing involving it, what would you do?
 What simple daily habits have large tangible benefits?
What's a product or service you should NEVER cheap out on?
What is the best country you have ever visited and why?
What are the top (silent) relationship killers?
American drivers of The World, why do you think so many people misuse the passing lane?
What do you consider a dumb person?
What's an easy thing someone can do to better their life?
What Do You Wish You'd Known Before You Had Kids?
What sentences/words do you avoid and why should others avoid it too?
Life is like a game now, you have points that are used to level up specific stats(which are earned through completing missions). Which stats do you prioritize?
If you could have the chance to be the opposite gender for one day, what would you do?
How well should you know a girl before you ask her out?
People who lost their the pet how did you get over it?
At what age did you first witness violence between adults? How often and what was your reaction?
What screams "I have bad taste in everything"?
You have one hour left of internet for the rest of your life, what would you do with that time?
People of The World, what are some small things people do that piss you off?
You're in court, and your username decides whether you're guilty or innocent. Do you go free, or stay in jail? If you're in jail, what's your crime and for how long do you stay?
What type of prison sentence do you suppose a court would render if a CITIZEN went into the wrong apartment and killed a cop?
 What's the hardest loss you've ever had to deal with?
What is your single most favourite cherishable memory from your childhood and why?
If you're SO has been in your friend group before you guys were partners, would you bring them on a trip with your friends? Why or why not?
What is your view on people that ride motorcycles?
You have one week to live, what do you do with the time you have left ?
What is the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
Broke People of The World - What are your best "End-of-Month / Low-Budget" Survival Tips?
What's the worst thing you've ever seen in person?
Former students/Teachers of The World, what is the best thing you ever heard from the sex ed talks?
The last thing you ate is the only thing you can eat for the rest of your life, what is it?
How much money is a lot for you?
What is your best memory from today?
Folks who live in vacation spots, where do you spend your vacations?
What was that one bad situation you thought you would never come out from ?
What's the strangest assumption/misjudgment you've ever seen someone make?
What's the stupidest thing you or someone you knew has done while high?
 Concealed carry permit users who have pulled your firearm, what happened?
What are some offensive/weird/unusual names of towns/cities/areas in your country?
What's your "popped yourself as an adult" story?
How rude can you be ?
Math Teachers/Professors of The World, what's your story of "the kid who used the incorrect formula but got the right answer"?
What's something you've done that you'll never tell your spouse/SO about?
What is your favorite quote?
What was the greatest question ever asked?
People who knew about sex before getting "the talk", how did you knew and what happened after?
What do you think of yourself ?
What's your favorite Steve Buscemi movie?
How big are your arms?
 how does someone stop feeling lost in life, and gain control/purpose?
People who are lonely, what is your typical day like?
What do you want the most for Christmas?
Who is your biggest role model?
Pet owners of The World, what is the best/cutest thing your pet has ever done ?
What's the most bizarre punishment your parents ever gave you?
The World, what something that you can't believe is real?
What is the oldest article of clothing, in your wardrobe that you still wear, if only occasionally? How old is it?
What did y'all think sex was before sex Ed?
Millennials of The World, what makes you feel nostalgic everytime you hear or see it?
Ladies if a guy your newly talking to asks "what's one thing you think I should know about you" how would you respond?
What's a discontinued snack/candy that they need to bring back?
Men of The World. Be honest. Do you ever feel dating is easier for women? Why?
6 figure makers of The World, how much does taxes and bills eat your hard earnings?
When did morality hold you back? Do you regret it?
People who have purchased a house, what was the grossest thing the previous owner left behind? 
Car salespeople & finance managers at car dealerships, what are some tricks to getting the best deal?
What is the most expensive item you've broke?
You can change you lifestyle to anything you want whether it's to be an oligarch, redneck, middle class, or etc. What do you pick and why?
Pet owners of The World, if you could ask pet any question with the understanding that they would respond truthfully and thoroughly, what would you ask?
You died and became a ghost, it is by ghost law that you HAVE to haunt someone or someplace;who or where do you haunt?
What looks dangerous but isn't?
What are the crimes that should be punishable by death?
Which country is top of your 'to visit' wishlist? Why?
What song would you use to describe Michael Scott?
What is something that can instantly make you mad, even when you're in a good mood?
What new low-tech solution used today would have been super useful in the past?
In 1000 years, when they look back on the 2010's, what is something they will not understand?
What's a fairly accurate way to tell if a military vet is lying about having been in combat?
People who go on the deep web often, what is something that happened to you that you'll never forget?
What are some pros and cons about being you?
If you were to time travel to 2009 knowing of Bitcoin, and invest enough money to become the richest person alive, what would you do while you wait for peak 2017 to come around to cash out?
What is a good way to know if you are thinking clearly ?
What was the most embarrassing thing you either sent or received from a wrong number?
What do you say to make a person laugh?
You are plankton how do you plan on stealing the krabby patty formula?
What was your "this isn't real life" story moment?
You are given 5 uno reverse cards that actually work but only once. What do you use it on?
What's the creepiest thing someone has said to you?
In your opinion, what is love and how does it feel like?
If you could have one thing in the world what would it be?
What useless non-decorative thing or things are you keeping in your house/apartment that you will never use again, yet have not thrown out? Why?
When have you hit the peak level of laziness?
Which Movie Jump-Scare punched you hardest in the heart?
 People who were on a plane when 9/11 happened, what is your story?
When did you know something was wrong with your parents relationship?
 What is the worst sexual experience you've ever had?
What's your biggest regret?
You get offered the opportunity to time travel either 15 years into the past or 15 years into the future, which do you choose? Why?
What hobbies have led you to getting into relationships?
Based on your username what would your superhero/supervillian origin story be?
When did someone "walk in" on you but wasn't as it seemed?
You've won 50 million dollars then the next day you contract a incurable disease that will kill you within 3 months. How will you spend the money?
What could one do to help the protestors in China? 
Would you date someone who looked similar to your brother/sister? Why or why not?
 Aliens have asked you to judge our species and answer two things: First, is the human race worth preserving? Second, why or why not?
You are about to be completely blind 5 minutes from now. What would be the thoughts that will go through your mind?
How do sunglasses make someone more attractive?
What are you having for dinner tonight?
Employees of The World, have you ever experienced a situation where the promotion at your job requires a sexual relationship your boss?
What do you think is the greatest invention of all time?
What is one question that is useful to ask yourself from time to time?
People of The World: If you could have one stat displayed above your head for everyone to see what would it be?
If you have the power to change one thing in the past, what would it be?
If The World were to shut down in 24 hours, What's the last thing you will do?
Police officers of The World: What's the most oddball thing you've ever come across doing a routine traffic stop?
If you could have any items from any videogame/tv/movie/book/other what items would you have and why?
The worlds, which movie would you recommend other The worlds to watch ASAP?
The decade is closing (2010-2020) 
What do you do when people sing Happy Birthday to you ?
Which country's accent (when speaking in English) do you find most attractive?
What is your biggest "whistleblower" story?
Which small social gestures are underrated?
What are the best condoms out right now ?
What is your favorite fast food restaurant?
Which cereal yields the best flavor from milk?
What is the hardest thing to become an expert on?
The worlds who had a teacher that got kicked out of school, what is their story?
What is truly the oldest trick in the book?
Sales people of The World, what is the worst gimmick that you have had to sell and how did you sell it?
What's your favourite Pokemon spin off game (that isn't Pokemon GO)?
If you shrunk half a centimeter each time you masturbated, how would that affect your decision to do so? Would you stop all together or develop a strategy?
Which conspiracy theory, if proven to be true, would immediately change the world?
Who is the most hated youtuber?
What is your favorite animal and why?
What is a programme/movie that you think has been over looked by people but you think is a must watch?
Straight dudes of The World, have you ever given into temptation and spent an evening watching YouTube twinks giving makeup tutorials? Why or why not?
Left-Handed people of The World, what are some of the little things that annoy you about the way things are set up in this world (in regard to your left-handed uniqueness)? What would you like to change to make life for left-handed people a little easier?
People who have had sex in school, how did it happen and what was the experience like? Did you get caught?
What's the one thing about your SO that really really irks you, but you know you can never tell them?
What Movie sounds better if the title was spelt backwards?
The worlds. What's the creepiest thing you've seen at a theme park?
What's something that would stop you from having sex with someone else?
What insecurity you'll never tell to your spouse/partner?
The worlds who've won a "Lifetime" supply contest: How did you win? and How is it going?
The worlds, when was your first encounter with death, and how did it affect your life?
To people who were in studio audiences, what were commercial breaks like?
in your opinion do you prefer a warmer or cooler climate and why?
What makes someone truly memorable?
Whilest in the womb, you have loading screens, what would be some of the Tips?
What was your greatest "I meant to do that" moment?
How did your day off from work go?
What small tip makes a person so much more likable?
Elon Musk said Space X would have discontinued if their fourth launch didn't reach orbit successfully. What discontinued projects would've been game changing with just a few more attempts?
What is the most embarrassing thing that you were accused of doing that you genuinely didn't do? Did people believe the accuser or you?
What's the one baked good that you can't pass up?
You receive the ability to give anyone, anywhere, any superpowers you wish. However, you cannot give yourself superpowers. How do you use your power?
If you would die in the next minute, what should we remember you for?
People of The World, if there was a nature documentary on humans, (from the POV of aliens) what do you think a quote from it would be?
What is your is your weirdest kink?
What is the most embarrassing thing you've ever done and only realized later?
If we all wore the same outfit everyday like cartoon characters, what would be your outfit?
Have you ever began to feel out of breath just talking to a person or feel less motivated from someone who probably exudes negativity, how bad was it?
What is the most money you've ever wasted?
 Law enforcement of The World, how do you restrain a one armed assailant since handcuffs are not an option?
What do you think will/should be the next step in human evolution (either to survive global warming or just for fun)?
How much should you tip at a Chinese buffet?
Someone has invented a time machine, they offer you one round trip to go anywhere in the past or the future for only 10 minutes to do as you please. Where would you go ?
 The worlds who have suddenly come into a large amount of money, how did your friends and family react?
What's the most stupid thing you've ever done?
How do you feel when your birthday comes?
How have you dealt with your socially awkward/cringy parents?
What's a joke better understood when said but not written?
How do you tell your brother your dog ate his goldfish?
If the amount of karma you had was the size of an army, what would you conquer?
Children of an alcoholic, did your parent ever stop? If so, what did it for them?
What is the oldest you can be as a trick or treater?
What's the best compliment you have ever receive from your teachers?
ladies, your boyfriend is requesting that you fart in his face and it has to smell bad. what kind of food are you eating for this?
You'll get $100.000 if you binge-watch the same movie for a week straight with only 3 hours of sleep a night, what movie do you pick?
Why would or wouldn't you want to stay single (unmarried)?
People whose internal organs have seen sunlight: how did it happen?
Pets of The World, what is something humans do that they think is okay, but is actually creepy?
Hey married people of The World - what is your best advice to a couple about to tie the knot?
 What is the most brutally honest thing someone has said to you that actually made your life change for the better?
What's the worst part of living where you live?
What are some red flags for a bad therapist?
 What crimes have been committed that were worth it for the criminal?
What older companies are still surprisingly thriving?
You are given control of a fully equipped modern aircraft carrier, complete with planes and weapons, that you can take anywhere in history. Where do you go?
People of The World what is your scar from your childhood?
Fathers of The World, what is the moment you felt like you've "overgrown " your male friends?
What's your opinion on putting up the Christmas tree early at this time?
What needs to make a comeback?
Australians of The World, what are your opinions of North American animals?
Today is International Name Your Car Day. What is the name of your car?
What is your go-to midnight snack?
Why are people in horror movies so goddamn stupid ?
The worlds with cancer (and other serious health problems): how did you notice that something was wrong in the first place?
If had to choose between having sex with someone who had female breasts and a penis, or someone who had male nipples and a vagina, who'd you choose, and why?
What is your second language?
Hiring managers of The World, what are your thoughts on tattoos? Are tattoos a deal breaker in any way?
You die and face God, you have the time to ask one question before going to your respective places, what do you ask?
Which movies were better than the book?
Students of The World, what is the biggest bullsh*t you've ever seen in your college/school?
 The 2010s are coming to an end. How was your decade?
Users of The World, what have you forgotten to bring on vacation?
What's the worst game review/gameplay you've seen from a so called video game "expert" or "journalist" etc..?
How can the democrats and the republicans be so similar in size but different in ideology?
The worlds, why and in what manner, did you make up stories for meaningless internet points?
How do you tell a parent their kid smells bad? 
What are some good resources to find ((ordinary)) jobs that are either remote and/or include travel, Ones that aren't unreasonable free-lance click bait?
What would you like to see changed?
What was your best "my mind's telling me no, but my body's telling me yes" moment?
What do you you think about using non-alcoholic beer for sober October?
Organ donors, what organ makes you feel creepy knowing someone is going to be walking around with after your death?
A meteor is inbound. It's a planet killer. Bruce Willis and Ben Affleck failed their mission. What is the last song you're playing?
What was the worst day you've had at work?
People who speak other languages with grammatical gender, (like Spanish, French, Russian, etc.) do you it difficult to remember which objects have which genders? Why or why not?
Imagine The World begins pushing a sister site in January 2020 called Tidder, with a promotional tagline of "New Year, New Site." What's the site about?
What has turned people you were close to into horrible human beings?
If you could do anything just to experience it and then go back in time, what would you do?
What's you're most Rage enduring moment in video game history?
What's the best candy to give out for halloween?
Americans, what are you tired of hearing about the United States? Why?
What's your personal public restroom horror story?
Whats the meanest thing you said to someone?
Without stating a number, how old are you?
How are you REALLY doing?
If you could ask God one question, and he had to answer truthfully, what would you ask?
The worlds, where were You the 28th February 1986, the night they shot Olof Palme?
What are some "to good to be true" facts that are actually true?
What all are the essentials to be installed on a brand new windows 10 laptop?
What things happen in your country only?
People of The World, how did you think babies were made until you had "the talk"?
Aliens of The World, what do Earthlings do that they think is okay but is actually creepy?
Who would you cast to play Tom and Jerry in a live action?
What was a big fantasy you had when you were younger that is disgusting to you now?
What movies have you watched over 5 times while still entertained?
What's the worst superhero power you can think off?
The worlds who have had relationships with people they are sexually incompatible with, when did you discover the incompatibility and did you continue the relationship? 
What are you waiting for?
Smokers who used to be shape, fell out of shape and got back in shape, how hard was it getting cardio back?
What is something that you see daily and makes you slightly infuriated?
Which subThe World has the most toxic users?
If you had one day to live how would you spend your last day?
9 times out of 10 what happens?
What's the strangest word?
You can shape-shift, what'a the first thing you turn into to fuck with peoples mind?
You can't buy, borrow or steal anymore food, you only have what you own now. How long will you survive?
What's your advice to maintaining a relationship?
People who have or are living on the road, what's source of income?
You can leave behind a hidden message that will be discovered in 500 years. How do you troll the world 500 years from now?
If houses had names like boats what would you name your house?
What did you do when you were drunk that made you re-evaluate your life choices?
What's easier done than said?
what is the worst injury you've ever had?
The Grim Reaper comes to take you to Hell. The only way to escape is to make him laugh. What joke do you bring out?
What makes a person cruel?
What industry has the stupidest lingo?
Do you meditate? What benefits have you noticed?
People who grew up with same sex parents, do you feel that there are things you weren't taught that the other sex usually teaches their children?
Women of The World, what's one simple things guys do that makes them significantly more attractive?
Felons/ex-cons of The World, how long did it take for you to find a job after you served time?
People of The World who has grown up without a father figure. How did it effect your upbringing and how does it effect you now? 
In a world where news covered in the tabloids are all true, which headline would surprise you the least?
What is the best way you would want to die?
What are some of your crazy/unusual high school stories?
What's the most creative compliment that you can come up with ?
Who are the most overrated people in history ?
If the theme tune were actually in the film, what would be the least appropriate Titanic scene for Celine Dion to start singing in?
The last text you sent is your last respects at a funeral, what do you say?
What's the plot of "The World: the movie"?
how would you feel about someone in your family or your SO being a stripper?
You get to either fully know what will happen to you in next 10 years or send everything you know now(as memories) to your version from 10 years ago. Which one you chose and why?
What are some things that should be illegal to do at the drive-thru?
People who strongly dislike cats: what tipped you over the edge?
A hitman has been hired to kill you and is now pointing a gun at your head, leaving no means of escape, what are your last words ?
What word describes your sex life?
What musician did you not get into until after they died?
What is a disregarded law that people often break?
You're made god for the day, what are some things you'd change about the world?
What are some phrases that don't make sense anymore because of technological development?
People of The World, how did you lose your virginity?
What caused the sudden use of the word bruh?
Weaboos of The World, what are some really good animes you have watched?
How are you doing?
In your opinion what do you think is the respectable amount of sexual partners one should have in a lifetime?
 Cross country runners do you have any tips on how to train?
What's your go-to topic of conversation when meeting somebody for the first time?
You wake up and realise everyone on earth is aliens besides from you.What do you do?
What makes you panic?
What was the weirdest thing you have caught yourself thinking about as you were trying to fall asleep?
What is in your mind right now?
What has repeated instance made you think "that's why this stereotype exists"?
What is a Super Power that sounds great on paper but would be either useless or dangerous to use in Real Life?
What's your favorite lyric, and why?
High School Teachers of The World, how do you feel when students feel overwhelmed?
What is your worst "customer is always right" experience?
Retires of The World: What are mistakes a soon-to-be retiree or a new retiree make?
What was a class you've taken that blew your expectations away?
Who Was Your First Fictional Crush?
What are the best sub-The Worlds for someone with no particular interests?
What's the most illegal thing you own? What's the story behind it?
 Girls an women of The World does a guys penis size really matter in a good partner and why?
Assuming we're around in 50 years, what recent movies would be regarded as classics?
What drives you crazy?
To those who have made long term healthy lifestyle changes, how has your life and outlook on life changed?
As a kid, what did you miss out on that you wish you hadn't?
If you had $100 billion budget for a film, what would you spend it on?
People of The World. What was your first experience with halloween?
Girls of The World, what is a romantic gesture a guy can do that makes you swoon?
You are the CEO of any business you choose for a week. What company do you choose and what do you do?
What is your favorite song of all time and what does it mean to you?
What are you currently listening to? How is making you feel?
How do you handle a roommate that won't respect your boundaries when conversations fail to get the point across?
What's your favourite TV show and why?
You've invented the first fully working time machine and go back to when your parents were teenagers, what advice do you give and why?
When did you think you were being insulted, only to find out you were actually being complimented? Or likewise, when have you thought you were being complimented, only to find out you were being insulted?
Ladies of The World: How often do you wash your hair?
If you could go back to the year 2000 with one item you can carry, what would it be?
How many The worlds are homeless?
Who are the most anoying generation of your country?
What is your favorite word from any language?
What's the major difference between you internet personality and you in real life ?
What is something you do different that you are not aware anyone else does?
What are some weird or creepy YouTube channels?
Why are girls rude to other girls on social media without even knowing them?
Saw a meme the other day about how rarely cellphones appear in dreams. What are some common things in your life that never come up in your dreams?
Service workers of The World (past and present): What is the biggest tip you've ever received?
What's expensive but totally worth it?
Take the last text you sent and put quotation marks around it. Now it is a line from a deleted scene (use your imagination) from the last big budget movie you watched. What is the line, the movie, and the deleted scene?
What is your dirtiest experience as an adult which you want to share with everyone anonymously?
What paradoxical event would immediately create a black hole of logic?
What's something more people should know about the industry you work in?
What is the trick for your pants not falling off when you wear them below your butt?
People of The World, what are some of your predictions for the next 100 years?
What is something that you think will be huge in the future but isn't now?
What is the most unique name of a person that you've come across?
Parking officers, what is that job like? Is there a quota of tickets to give out?
What are effective ways to motivate people?
The worlds who have witnessed a miracle, what have you seen?
Women of The World, what do you think about being a housewife? Does it actually appeal to any of you?
which is your favourite line from a song?
What's your family group chat name?
What's the most annoying thing about women?
 The worlds who have lost loved ones, how did you cope?
People of The World, who didn't get any kind of Sex Ed and parent "TALK". How did you learn about genders, sex and all that good stuff? What was your first reaction?
People say "it's better to have too much of something rather than too little." What is something that does not fit this saying at all?
 to all Americans what do you fear about living in America?
You have one quote to recite, which will define what happens in the next century. What quote do you choose?
Gamers of The World, what is the best video game ever created?
Your favourite movie is being remade and directed by quentin tarantino. What movie is it and why?
What businesses do you still see thriving in 50 years from now?
What's your favorite Ben Affleck role?
What gender double standards piss you off the most?
If you could have a infinite ticket or game in a arcade what would it be?
You had a crush when you were 16-17 but she/he didn't liked you back. Years later, when you got over it, she/he loves you. What would your answer be? Would you savagely say no or of course, yes?
What specific kind of stupid will your generation be in 40 years?
People who are attracted to something that is non-conventional, what is it and why do you like it?
When have you gotten what you wanted, but it cost you everything?
If you could go back in time and change one thing what would it be and why?
What has made you believe that mankind, in general, is inherently good (or bad)?
What is your best dad joke?
Fellow hairstylists of The World, what person, living or dead, would you most like to give a cut to and what style would you go for?
When you leave your dog to go on holiday, do they think you've abandoned them?
 What is the question that brings about "42" in Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy?
 What's your biggest sexual kink?
What would an inconvenience store sell?
Teachers of The World, what's the smartest way of cheating you've seen?
 What was the greatest speech ever given?
What did you learn in school that you actually found useful in life?
What alcohol you can drink straight and genuinely enjoy?
If you could ask Jesus one question, what would you ask?
If you could meet anyone via the 6 degrees of separation who would you want to meet and why?
whats a good substitute for love or affection or empathy ?
You get $100 every time you swallow a real piece of glass.What do you do?
What are the best and worst parts of human nature?
People of The World, what was your first thought after coming home from highschool graduation?
Lawyers of The World, what was a case that you thought you had in the bag, but ended up losing?
What news headline would cause a major panic?
People of The World, what is your least or most favorite thing about puberty?
What is/are your favorite color(s)?
What are some things you do in private that you would tell no one?
In the spirit of spooktober, what's the creepiest thing you've ever experienced?
What are some song covers you particularly enjoy?
People who used to be nice guys/girls, what was the cringiest thing you did?
If you died right now, for what will you be judged by individuals on your mobile?
What part of your body hurts right now, and why?
You're in a discord call playing games with friends when suddenly it's just you and one other. What do you do?
LGBTQ+ people of The World, what are your opinions on straight people going to gay bars?
What is your city known for?
How to study more efficient in University (Serious replies only please)?
Adobe flash player is closing down on December of 2020, which means cool math games is basically shutting down, what will be the last game you'll play?
What is something you always have at home in case someone visits you?
What drives you up the fucking wall?
What birthday gift will you remember forever?
What has been your closest call with death?
There's a lot of lore involving USA's highways and small towns. What's your creepiest experience during a road trip or long drive?
Former Apple customers of The World, what made you ditch Apple?
What are your thoughts on the Amanda Guyger verdict and overall incident?
What's the biggest regret from your twenties?
When you were a child what was the scariest room in the house at night?
People of The World, how young is to young for a girl, or boyfriend?
How often do you "fight" "argue" with your S/O?
How are languages formed?
Law enforcement of The World, who was the most clever criminal you have encountered?
Which decade (1960s to 2010s) had the best music?
How do you upgrade your Kraft Mac and Cheese?
How often do you think someone has masturbated to a picture of you?
What is the earliest memory that you can remember?
What's that phrase used for the life expectancy of an applicance expected to fail?
If you could ask God one question, what would you ask?
What would a world populated by clones of you be like?
What two questions would you ask to get the most information about who a person truly is?
Best friends who've ended up dating each other, how'd it go and what's the secret to keeping the relationship alive?
What is the strangest thing you've ever dug up in your yard, or found hidden in your house?
What's the worst thing you have ever done to a friend?
How Long Would You Last In A Zombie Apocalypse?
Why are you so awesome?
What products are best used not as advertised?
If you could live in a video game world, what game and what would you like to be doing?
What's your weirdest talent/skill?
For the love of God, what can we agree on?
People who work in Airports, what's the craziest shit you've seen gone down?
If you had to rename yourself to describe you what would you be called?
How do you feel when you give charity?
Is your phone your most treasured material possession? If not, what is?
What's something you do that you would never tell your SO about?
People who have had long experiences with nootropics, what benefits have you seen and what are some precautions you should take before trying them?
Non-binary people of The World, what do men and women do that they think is okay but is actually creepy?
What's the weirdest/funniest/stupidest/confusing things you can buy together in a supermarket?
Why are you looking forward to the weekend?
What is the best over the counter medicine for slowing down overactive bladders?
Favorite animal to eat and why?
What's the simplest way to annoy you?
What is your greatest disbelief?
People who have had a bad experience with babysitters, what was it and why?
What can you get for free?
The World users, What is the worst thing about job applications?
A telemarketer calls to inform you that you've just won a free trip hell. You press 9 to accept and are instantly teleported. As you you arrive you're greeted by the devil himself. He is so excited that someone finally accepted and grants you one wish, but it must be evil. What do you wish for?
When did you feel like a criminal?
You've been kidnapped in your vacation, your kidnappers demand you to tweet as usual to pretend everything is alright. What would you tweet without tipping them off?
What is the hardest part about having a mental illness/ disability?
Is there a food/drink you used to love, but suddenly hated one day for no reason, or vice-versa? What was it?
What's the best thing that your mom or Grandma cooks?
For those who like to get a bit kinky, what's your safe word and why did you choose it?
What's the creepiest thing that's happed at your school?
Cosplay/Halloween enthusiasts of The World, where do you buy costumes or parts of costumes that look good but won't make you go broke?
The World, why did you ghost that person?
Parents of The World, what's something that you think teenagers of The World need to hear?
If you could go back in time to find out one truth about a disputed "fact," what would you want to find out?
You country has been invaded, the economy has collapsed. Your being evacuated to move to a safe zone and have 5 minutes to grab some items. What do you take?
What movie or TV show is regarded as being brilliant but you just hate it to pieces?
What was the first film you ever saw?
Is there any form of conservative funny media (Think The Daily Show, SNL, or most late night shows)?
What was the toughest "be the bigger person" decision you have had to make and glad you did it?
What would you look like if your real life appearance was based on your The World username?
What's the weirdest thing you've done when you were alone?
Oldest siblings of The World, what is something that middle and youngest children don't understand about us?
What about yourself do you NOT talk about because people would just assume you're lying?
What is the worst pain you have ever been in?
What's an actually useful bot on The World?
What's the most impressive thing you've ever done?
If your life was musically narrated by R. Kelly (like Trapped in the Closet), what would some of the lyrics be?
What secret should you NEVER share with your coworkers?
 The worlds who felt a need for change in your life, what did you do/change and how did you do it?
What is the thing that you worked very hard for and are super proud of?
Girls of The World, What's the worst thing a guy can do?
What line from dragon ball z could be used before/during/or after sex?
People of The World, who is the most annoying boomer you have ever had to deal with?
Hey The World, What terrible movie do you love, and why?
What did you try out for the first time and thought never again?
What is a prank that you pulled of on a family member that went wrong in the end?
What are some good horror movies that don't rely heavily on cheap jump scares?
Parking Enforcers of The World, how do you feel about what you do?
What fruit/vegetable needs more love?
What is the most chill and relaxed drug?
What would you do if you just surreptitiously recorded incriminating audio (phone in front pocket) of two government (Ontario Canada, hydro one) employees threatening to beat the shit out of you?
Do you feel that the world described in your children's history books is different from the world you lived in as a child? If Yes. Does this mean that someone is deliberately rewriting the history of the past, or have you moved into a parallel world where the story is different from your story?
What's the most important thing you've thrown away by accident?
You are walking down an empty street when you hear a scream and then sudden silence coming from the direction of a dark alleyway. What's the first thing you'd do?
What's something you've been looking forward to all day?
People who are close to turning 30 what would you add to help your health as you get older?
 People who have gotten other people arrested what happened?
Which 2010s Trends that happened are considered one of those "Drop it, and Leave it Alone Things?"
How do you imagine a cop describing you over the radio if you're running away from him?
The World, what's your favorite food/recipe to cook over a camp fire?
What's the weirdest bit of advice that's useful but you'd never think to tell anybody?
What song when you hear it brings on instant tears? Why?
People of The World, whats your most unhealthy habbit?
Which youtubers do you wish uploaded videos more often, but kept the same quality?
What video games have the worst graphics?
Introverts of The World , what you do to be less awkward in crowd?
Why does the average internet user get mad so easily?
You blacked out due to drink and/or drugs. You wake up to find that your partners chihuahua is dead. How do you plan to get away with it?
Paramedics if The World,What was your "how did you survive this" story?
If humans became a size of ants, how fucked are we?
You now cook pokemon, what's for dinner?
What was the worst disaster of a meal you ever cooked?
If life was a video game, what would be the final boss?
What's your experience with having a crush on somome really bad but don't wanna ask him out because you were too scared of being rejected?
Why are you still here?
What is one of life's simple pleasures?
What's the best thing said to you in a birthday card?
You get to choose what song plays as you are dying, what is it?
When you start feeling like life is not fair, what do you remind yourself?
What's a "one hit wonder" where the full album is worth listening to?
