OH NO! a scary bigfoot comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Leviathan comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Demon comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Vampire comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Wendigo comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Werewolf comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Shapeshifter comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Reaper comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Ghoul comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Changeling comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Chupacabra comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Clown comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Witch comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Dragon comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Ectoplasm comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Fairy comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Hellhound comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Hellspawn comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Krampus comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Leprechaun comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Loch Ness Monster comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Dracula comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Zombie comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Wraith comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Vengeful Spirit comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Undead comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Unicorns comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Sirens comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Succubi comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Revenant comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Poltergeist comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Gnome comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Goblin comes charging after you, ready to attack!
OH NO! a scary Hook Man comes charging after you, ready to attack!