“The Pessimist Sees Difficulty In Every Opportunity. The Optimist Sees Opportunity In Every Difficulty.” – Winston Churchill
“You Learn More From Failure Than From Success. Don’t Let It Stop You. Failure Builds Character.”
“It’s Not Whether You Get Knocked Down, It’s Whether You Get Up.”
“If You Are Working On Something That You Really Care About, You Don’t Have To Be Pushed. The Vision Pulls You.” – Steve Jobs
“People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do.”
“Failure Will Never Overtake Me If My Determination To Succeed Is Strong Enough.” – Og Mandino
“We May Encounter Many Defeats But We Must Not Be Defeated.” – Maya Angelou
“Whether You Think You Can Or Think You Can’t, You’re Right.” – Quote By Henry Ford
“What You Lack In Talent Can Be Made Up With Desire, Hustle And Giving 110% All The Time.” – Don Zimmer
“Do What You Can With All You Have, Wherever You Are.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“For Every Reason It’s Not Possible, There Are Hundreds Of People Who Have Faced The Same Circumstances And Succeeded.” – Jack Canfield
“Things Work Out Best For Those Who Make The Best Of How Things Work Out.” – Positive Quote By John Wooden
“You Don’t Have To Be Great To Start, But You Have To Start To Be Great.” – Zig Ziglar
“There Are No Limits To What You Can Accomplish, Except The Limits You Place On Your Own Thinking.” – Brian Tracy
Life is about making an impact, not making an income. 
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. –Albert Einstein 
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. –Babe Ruth 
See that any time you feel pained or defeated, it is only because you insist on clinging to what doesn't work. Dare to let go and you won't lose a thing except for a punishing idea. 
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. 
Defeat isn't bitter if you don't swallow it. 
Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.      
Defeat should never be a source of discouragement but rather a fresh stimulus.    
Do not let defeat be a failure, let defeat be a means of moving on to better things with new knowledge if you take that type of attitude you will find success even in defeat! 
To be defeated and yet not surrender, this is victory 
My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.     
Failure, loss and defeat are just mile markers on the road to success. 
Believe you are defeated, believe it long enough, and it is likely to become a fact. 
Prefer to be defeated in the presence of the wise than to excel among fools. 
A man may be defeated by his own secondary successes.      
You are a failure not the time when you are defeated.. but when you give up fighting 
Defeat is a state of mind. You are defeated only when you accept defeat, and assume the hopeless mindset of a defeated person. 
When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal. 
You're not defeated when you lose a battle. You are defeated when you give up the struggle. 
Anyone can deal with victory. Only the mighty can bear defeat. 
Defeat never comes to any man until he admits it. 
You can be defeated by life's unavoidable disappointments, or you can become stronger because of them.   
Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you.   
Keep your thoughts positive, because your thoughts become your words. Keep your words positive, because your words become your behavior. Keep your behavior positive, because your behavior become your habits. Keep your habits positive, keep your thoughts positive
If you are positive, you'll see opportunities instead of obstacles.     
You cannot change reality, but you can control the manner in which you look at things. Your attitude is under your own control. Weed out the negative and focus on the positive! 
No matter what you face, don't forget if you're positive, positivity will find you and embrace you.    
I try and stay positive; being negative isn't good for my personality. I don't just bring myself down, I bring everyone around me down. It's like a dark cloud, 'Uh oh, here we go,' and have to snap out of it.      
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.      
If you absolutely can't stay positive, don't go negative, just cruise neutral for a while until you can get back up.      
STAYING POSITIVE does not mean that things will turn out okay. Rather it is knowing that YOU will be okay no matter how things turn out. 
Positive thoughts lead to positive results. 
If you aren't making some mistakes, you aren't taking enough chances. 
If you're not scared then you're not taking a chance. If you're not taking a chance then what the hell are you doing anyway' 