If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they hop on 1 hoot to get around everywhere - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except everywhere they go, no matter where it may be, they wears a tuxedo/wedding dress. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except Instead of walking they skip to wherever they go. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except their hair is permanently dyed hot pink. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except their mom chaperones every date you go on. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except their toes and fingers are in reverse order (the big toe and thumb are on the opposite side). - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they are taller than you by 5 feet - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they cannot make left turns (driving or walking). - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they cannot say any word that contains the letter “W”. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they farts every time they sits down. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they have an extra nostril. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they pee their pants every time they laughs. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they picks their nose and then eats the boogers. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they sing whatever they says to you. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they wear every article of clothing backwards. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except While you are making out they hum “Kiss the Girl” from Disney’s The Little Mermaid. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they play the Oboe every morning at 6 a.m., without fail. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except the only movie they’ll ever watch is Castaway. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they are secretly building a doomsday device in the basement. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they talk during movies - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except sometimes they say in a mechanical voice…”ERROR ERROR system shutdown”,has an epileptic seizure, regains concience and pretends nothing is wrong. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they're the kid of a notorious serial killer. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they have 20 cats (and refuses to get rid of them.) - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they are absolutely in love with ABBA and must listen to it all day long. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except every full moon you wake up to find a trail of bloody pawprints leading back to the bed. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they only eat living food - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they have has tentacles instead of hands. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they are a professional bagpipe player and must practice three hours a day. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they are incapable of saying sorry, admitting fault or saying thank you - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except their hair has a life of its own, and it hates you with a passion.- Would you still date them?" 
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they honestly believe they can communicate with animals - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they are illiterate. Not dyslexic, not learning disabled, just cannot and does not and will not read and write. Illiterate. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they MUST know your whereabouts at all times. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they have a very limited vocabulary. We'll say 1500 words. This will not improve. - Would you still date them?
If you met someone who was perfect in EVERY WAY.....except they only speak in song lyrics and movie quotes - Would you still date them?